ABA (American Bar Association)	American Bar Association (ABA)
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
abortion rights as central judicial issue	filibuster rule
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Specter, Arlen
maternal health considered in abortion rights	abortion rights, on late-term procedures
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
maternal health considered in abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	privacy rights, abortion tied to
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
religious opposition to abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Stenberg v. Carhart
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
abortion rights, spousal notification as	marriage, abortion notification laws and
abortion rights, spousal notification as	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, spousal notification as	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
abortion rights, undue burden standard applied to	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, undue burden standard applied to	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, undue burden standard in
Abu Ghraib prison	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Abu Ghraib prison	Hamdi case
Abu Ghraib prison	Rasul v. Bush
Abu Ghraib prison	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Abu Ghraib prison	torture
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	schools, religious expression in
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	Sekulow, Jay
airports, religious proselytizing at	Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.
airports, religious proselytizing at	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
airports, religious proselytizing at	First Amendment, free speech protection of
airports, religious proselytizing at	First Amendment, on religion
airports, religious proselytizing at	Jews for Jesus
airports, religious proselytizing at	Los Angeles International Airport
airports, religious proselytizing at	religion, First Amendment on
airports, religious proselytizing at	religion, public sphere expressions of
airports, religious proselytizing at	Sekulow, Jay
airports, religious proselytizing at	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
airports, religious proselytizing at	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	election of 2000
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Sauls, N. Sanders
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	filibuster rule
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Luttig, Michael
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Rove, Karl
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Alzheimer's disease	O'Connor, John
Alzheimer's disease	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Arnold, Richard	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Babbitt, Bruce	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Babbitt, Bruce	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Babbitt, Bruce	Kennedy, Edward M.
Babbitt, Bruce	Klain, Ron
Babbitt, Bruce	White, Byron R., retirement of
Baker, James A., III,	Bush, George W., 2000 election of
Baker, James A., III,	election of 2000
Baker, James A., III,	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Baker, James A., III,	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Berenson, Bradford
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bennett, Bob	Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against
Bennett, Bob	Clinton v. Jones
Bennett, Bob	Jones, Paula Corbin
Bennett, Bob	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Bennett, Bob	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Bennett, Bob	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Berenson, Bradford	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Berenson, Bradford	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Berenson, Bradford	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Berenson, Bradford	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Kolbert, Kathryn
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	privacy rights, abortion tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	sex discrimination
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Warren, Earl
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	privacy rights, abortion tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	sex discrimination
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	First Amendment, on religion
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Jews for Jesus
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Los Angeles International Airport
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	religion, First Amendment on
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	religion, public sphere expressions of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Sekulow, Jay
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Bollinger, Lee C.	Ford, Gerald R.
Bollinger, Lee C.	Michigan, University of
Bollinger, Lee C.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Bollinger, Lee C.	schools, racial preferences in
Bork, Robert	Warren, Earl
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	filibuster rule
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Meese, Edwin, III
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Boumediene v. Bush	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Boumediene v. Bush	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Bowers v. Hardwick	gay rights
Bowers v. Hardwick	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
Bowers v. Hardwick	Lawrence v. Texas
Bowers v. Hardwick	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
Bowers v. Hardwick	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Bowers v. Hardwick	sodomy, criminalization of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Breyer, Stephen G.	Stevens, John Paul
Breyer, Stephen G.	Thomas, Clarence
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Goldberg, Arthur J.
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Stenberg v. Carhart
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	eminent domain
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Kelo v. City of New London
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	private property, eminent domain vs.
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	privacy rights, on DMV information
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	states' rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	Lawrence v. Texas
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	minors, executions of
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	privacy rights, on DMV information
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	states' rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Michigan, University of
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	racial preferences, in government contracts
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Stenberg v. Carhart
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Cuomo, Mario
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Foster, Vince
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Hatch, Orrin
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Klain, Ron
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	religion, public sphere expressions of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Ten Commandments
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, oral argument in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	election of 2000
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Brown, Janice Rogers	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Brown, Janice Rogers	Jones, Edith
Brown, Janice Rogers	Owen, Priscilla
Brown, Janice Rogers	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Brown v. Board of Education	Louisville, Ky.
Brown v. Board of Education	schools, racial preferences in
Brown v. Board of Education	segregation
Brown v. Board of Education	Warren, Earl
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Bush, George W.	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Bush, George W.	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Bush, George W., on abortion rights	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Grutter v. Bollinger
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Mahoney, Maureen
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Michigan, University of
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in military
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in school admissions
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	schools, racial preferences in
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Bush, George W., 2004 election of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	civil liberties, national security vs.
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	executive power, wartime expansion of
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Geneva Conventions
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Hamdi case
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	international law, Geneva Conventions
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	judicial independence
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Padilla, Jose
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Padilla case
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Rasul v. Bush
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., political criticism of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., 2004 election of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, Laura
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Card, Andrew
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Cheney, Dick
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Dobson, James C.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	election of 2004
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	evangelical movement, political influence of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	filibuster rule
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Frist, Bill
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gang of 14
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gray, C. Boyden
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Hecht, Nathan
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Jones, Edith
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Kelley, William
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Leo, Leonard
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Libby, Lewis
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Luttig, Michael
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Meese, Edwin, III
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miranda, Manuel
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Nuclear Option
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Olson, Theodore B.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Owen, Priscilla
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, death of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Reid, Harry
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	religion, public sphere expressions of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rove, Karl
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Souter, David H., appointment of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Specter, Arlen
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Bush, George W., political criticism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	Schiavo, Terri
Bush, George W., torture policy of	torture
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	certiorari process
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	election of 2000
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Harris, Katherine
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, John
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	election of 2004
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Specter, Arlen
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, oral argument in
Bush v. Gore	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Souter, David H., career of
Bush v. Gore	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	certiorari process
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	election of 2000
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Harris, Katherine
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
California, University of, at Davis	Michigan, University of
California, University of, at Davis	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
California, University of, at Davis	racial preferences, in school admissions
California, University of, at Davis	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
California, University of, at Davis	schools, racial preferences in
Card, Andrew	Cheney, Dick
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E.
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Card, Andrew	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Card, Andrew	Rove, Karl
Carter, Jimmy	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Carter, Jimmy	Scalia, Antonin, background of
certiorari process	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
certiorari process	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
certiorari process	election of 2000
certiorari process	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
certiorari process	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
certiorari process	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
certiorari process	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Cheney, Dick	Cheney v. United States District Court
Cheney, Dick	energy task force, lawsuit on records of
Cheney, Dick	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
Cheney, Dick	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Cheney, Dick	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Cheney, Dick	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Cheney, Dick	Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case
Cheney, Dick	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Cheney, Dick	Sierra Club
Cheney, Dick	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Cheney v. United States District Court	Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case
Cheney v. United States District Court	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Cheney v. United States District Court	Sierra Club
Cheney v. United States District Court	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
civil liberties, national security vs.	executive power, wartime expansion of
civil liberties, national security vs.	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
civil liberties, national security vs.	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
civil liberties, national security vs.	Katyal, Neal
civil liberties, national security vs.	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
civil liberties, national security vs.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
civil liberties, national security vs.	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
civil liberties, national security vs.	terrorism, detainee treatment and
civil liberties, national security vs.	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
civil rights	segregation
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Clement, Paul	Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by
Clement, Paul	executive power, wartime expansion of
Clement, Paul	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
Clement, Paul	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Clement, Paul	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Clement, Paul	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Senate, U.S., impeachment trial in
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Cuomo, Mario
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Currie, Betty
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Foster, Vince
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Gore, Al
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Guinier, Lani
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Hatch, Orrin
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Klain, Ron
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Reno, Janet
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	sex discrimination
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Stephanopoulos, George
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Supreme Court, U.S., former judges appointed to
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	White, Byron R., background of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Jones, Paula Corbin
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton v. Jones	Jones, Paula Corbin
Clinton v. Jones	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Clinton v. Jones	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton v. Jones	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Commerce Clause	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Commerce Clause	Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of
Commerce Clause	Constitution in Exile
Commerce Clause	federalism revolution
Commerce Clause	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Commerce Clause	interstate commerce
Commerce Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Commerce Clause	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Commerce Clause	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Commerce Clause	schools, gun-free zones near
Commerce Clause	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Commerce Clause	United States v. Lopez
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Constitution, U.S., original intention of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Constitution in Exile
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	federalism revolution
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Federalist Society, core beliefs of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	gun control, background checks in
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	interstate commerce
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	privacy rights, on DMV information
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Reno v. Condon
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	schools, gun-free zones near
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	states' rights
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	United States v. Lopez
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	executive power, wartime expansion of
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Constitution in Exile
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	federalism revolution
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	schools, gun-free zones near
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	United States v. Lopez
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	Due Process Clause
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Harris, Katherine
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Harris, Katherine
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	First Amendment, on religion
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	religion, First Amendment on
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	schools, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Sekulow, Jay
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Free Exercise Clause
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Sekulow, Jay
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	originalism
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	First Amendment, on religion
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	gay rights
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Jews for Jesus
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Los Angeles International Airport
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	religion, First Amendment on
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	schools, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Sekulow, Jay
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	District of Columbia v. Heller
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on gun control
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	execution, method of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Layton, James R.
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	minors, executions of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Roper v. Simmons
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution in Exile	United States v. Lopez
Cornyn, John	DeLay, Tom
Cornyn, John	Schiavo, Terri
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	gay rights
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Layton, James R.
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	minors, executions of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Roper v. Simmons
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
criminal suspects, interrogation of	Miranda v. Arizona
cruel and unusual punishment	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Cuba, U.S. military in	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Cuba, U.S. military in	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Cuba, U.S. military in	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Cuomo, Mario	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Cuomo, Mario	Hatch, Orrin
Cuomo, Mario	Klain, Ron
Cuomo, Mario	Stephanopoulos, George
Currie, Betty	Klain, Ron
death penalty	execution, method of
death penalty	gay rights
death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Layton, James R.
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Marshall, Thurgood
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	minors, executions of
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Roper v. Simmons
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
death penalty, in rape cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., on death penalty
death penalty, in rape cases	Kennedy v. Louisiana
DeLay, Tom	Schiavo, Terri
DeLay, Tom	Supreme Court, U.S., impeachment threats against
Dobson, James C.	Focus on the Family
Dobson, James C.	Miers, Harriet E.
Dobson, James C.	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Dobson, James C.	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Dobson, James C.	Sekulow, Jay
Dobson, James C.	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence, background of
election of 2000	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
election of 2000	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
election of 2000	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
election of 2000	Harris, Katherine
election of 2000	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
election of 2000	Lewis, Terry
election of 2000	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
election of 2000	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
election of 2000	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
election of 2000	Sauls, N. Sanders
election of 2000	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Stevens, John Paul
election of 2000	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
election of 2000	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
eminent domain	Kelo v. City of New London
eminent domain	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
eminent domain	private property, eminent domain vs.
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Hamdi case
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Padilla, Jose
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	racial preferences, in government contracts
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	Richmond v. Croson
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Establishment Clause	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Establishment Clause	First Amendment, on religion
Establishment Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Establishment Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Establishment Clause	religion, First Amendment on
Establishment Clause	religion, public sphere expressions of
Establishment Clause	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Establishment Clause	schools, religious expression in
Establishment Clause	Sekulow, Jay
Establishment Clause	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
evangelical movement, political influence of	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	religion, public sphere expressions of
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Robertson, Pat
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	schools, religious expression in
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Sekulow, Jay
executive power, wartime expansion of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
executive power, wartime expansion of	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
executive power, wartime expansion of	Hamdi case
executive power, wartime expansion of	judicial independence
executive power, wartime expansion of	Katyal, Neal
executive power, wartime expansion of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
executive power, wartime expansion of	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
executive power, wartime expansion of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
executive power, wartime expansion of	Padilla case
executive power, wartime expansion of	Rasul v. Bush
executive power, wartime expansion of	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
executive power, wartime expansion of	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
executive power, wartime expansion of	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Falwell, Jerry	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
federalism revolution	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
federalism revolution	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
federalism revolution	states' rights
Federalist Society, development of	Warren, Earl
filibuster rule	Gang of 14
filibuster rule	Nuclear Option
filibuster rule	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
filibuster rule	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
filibuster rule	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
filibuster rule	Specter, Arlen
First Amendment, free speech protection of	First Amendment, on religion
First Amendment, free speech protection of	gay rights
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Jews for Jesus
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Los Angeles International Airport
First Amendment, free speech protection of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
First Amendment, free speech protection of	religion, First Amendment on
First Amendment, free speech protection of	religion, public sphere expressions of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
First Amendment, free speech protection of	schools, religious expression in
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Sekulow, Jay
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
First Amendment, on religion	Jews for Jesus
First Amendment, on religion	Los Angeles International Airport
First Amendment, on religion	religion, First Amendment on
First Amendment, on religion	religion, public sphere expressions of
First Amendment, on religion	Sekulow, Jay
First Amendment, on religion	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
First Amendment, on religion	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Harris, Katherine
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Lewis, Terry
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Sauls, N. Sanders
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Focus on the Family	religion, public sphere expressions of
Focus on the Family	Sekulow, Jay
Ford, Gerald R.	Michigan, University of
Ford, Gerald R.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Ford, Gerald R.	schools, racial preferences in
Foster, Vince	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Foster, Vince	Gore, Al
Foster, Vince	Hatch, Orrin
Foster, Vince	Klain, Ron
Foster, Vince	White, Byron R., retirement of
Free Exercise Clause	religion, public sphere expressions of
Free Exercise Clause	Sekulow, Jay
Free Exercise Clause	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Gang of 14	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Gang of 14	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
gay rights	Lawrence v. Texas
gay rights	marriage, gay
gay rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
gay rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
gay rights	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
gay rights	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
gay rights	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
gay rights	sodomy, criminalization of
gay rights	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
gay rights	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Geneva Conventions	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Geneva Conventions	international law, Geneva Conventions
Geneva Conventions	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Geneva Conventions	racial preferences, in school admissions
Geneva Conventions	schools, racial preferences in
Geneva Conventions	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Gilbert, Cass	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Kennedy, Anthony M.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Scalia, Antonin
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Souter, David H.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Stevens, John Paul
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Thomas, Clarence
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Klain, Ron
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Michigan, University of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Klain, Ron
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Miranda, Manuel
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Harris, Katherine
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Sauls, N. Sanders
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Gratz v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger
Gratz v. Bollinger	Michigan, University of
Gratz v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Gratz v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in school admissions
Gratz v. Bollinger	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on
Grutter v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Grutter v. Bollinger	Harvard College, admissions policy of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Lawrence v. Texas
Grutter v. Bollinger	Mahoney, Maureen
Grutter v. Bollinger	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Grutter v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Grutter v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Grutter v. Bollinger	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Grutter v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in military
Grutter v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Grutter v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Grutter v. Bollinger	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Grutter v. Bollinger	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Louisville, Ky.
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Harvard College, admissions policy of
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Mahoney, Maureen
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	racial preferences, in military
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Hamdi case
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	international law, Geneva Conventions
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	judicial independence
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Katyal, Neal
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Michigan, University of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Padilla case
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	racial preferences, in school admissions
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Rasul v. Bush
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Rumsfeld, Donald
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	schools, racial preferences in
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Stevens, John Paul, background of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	torture
gun control, background checks in	states' rights
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	schools, gun-free zones near
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	United States v. Lopez
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Katyal, Neal
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdi case	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdi case	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
Hamdi case	Padilla case
Hamdi case	Rasul v. Bush
Hamdi case	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Hamdi case	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdi case	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Hamdi case	torture
Hand, Learned	Harlan, John Marshall, II
Harlan, John Marshall, II	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Harris, Katherine	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Harris, Katherine	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Harris, Katherine	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Harris, Katherine	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Michigan, University of
Harvard College, admissions policy of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Harvard College, admissions policy of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Harvard College, admissions policy of	schools, racial preferences in
Hatch, Orrin	Klain, Ron
Hatch, Orrin	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E.
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Hecht, Nathan	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Hecht, Nathan	Rove, Karl
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Hogan & Hartson	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
holiday displays, religious expression in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
holiday displays, religious expression in	religion, public sphere expressions of
Hurricane Katrina	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E.
Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Hurricane Katrina	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
international law, Geneva Conventions	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
international law, Geneva Conventions	racial preferences, in school admissions
international law, Geneva Conventions	schools, racial preferences in
international law, Geneva Conventions	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Jews for Jesus	Los Angeles International Airport
Jews for Jesus	religion, First Amendment on
Jews for Jesus	religion, public sphere expressions of
Jews for Jesus	Sekulow, Jay
Jews for Jesus	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Jews for Jesus	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Jones, Edith	Owen, Priscilla
Jones, Edith	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Jones, Paula Corbin	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Jones, Paula Corbin	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Jones, Paula Corbin	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
judicial independence	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Layton, James R.
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	minors, executions of
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Roper v. Simmons
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Katyal, Neal	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Katyal, Neal	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Kelo v. City of New London	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Kelo v. City of New London	private property, eminent domain vs.
Kennedy, Anthony M.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Scalia, Antonin
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Souter, David H.
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Stenberg v. Carhart
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on death penalty	Kennedy v. Louisiana
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Layton, James R.
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Salzburg, Seminar
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Layton, James R.
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Layton, James R.
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Michigan, University of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Edward M.	White, Byron R., retirement of
Kennedy, John F.	White, Byron R., on abortion
Kennedy, John F.	White, Byron R., Supreme Court appointment of
Klain, Ron	Nussbaum, Bernie
Klain, Ron	Reno, Janet
Klain, Ron	Stephanopoulos, George
Klain, Ron	White, Byron R., retirement of
Kolbert, Kathryn	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on
Kolbert, Kathryn	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kolbert, Kathryn	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Kolbert, Kathryn	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Kolbert, Kathryn	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	religion, public sphere expressions of
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	schools, religious expression in
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	Sekulow, Jay
Lawrence v. Texas	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Lawrence v. Texas	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Lawrence v. Texas	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Lawrence v. Texas	sodomy, criminalization of
Lawrence v. Texas	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
lawyers, female	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
lawyers, female	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
lawyers, female	sex discrimination
Layton, James R.	minors, executions of
Layton, James R.	Roper v. Simmons
Layton, James R.	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Layton, James R.	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Lemon v. Kurtzman	religion, public sphere expressions of
Leo, Leonard	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Lewis, Terry	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Lewis, Terry	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Los Angeles International Airport	religion, First Amendment on
Los Angeles International Airport	religion, public sphere expressions of
Los Angeles International Airport	Sekulow, Jay
Los Angeles International Airport	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Los Angeles International Airport	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Louisville, Ky.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Louisville, Ky.	schools, racial preferences in
Luttig, Michael	Olson, Theodore B.
Luttig, Michael	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Luttig, Michael	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Luttig, Michael	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Luttig, Michael	Rove, Karl
Luttig, Michael	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Mahoney, Maureen	Michigan, University of
Mahoney, Maureen	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Mahoney, Maureen	racial preferences, in school admissions
Mahoney, Maureen	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Mahoney, Maureen	schools, racial preferences in
marriage, abortion notification laws and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
marriage, abortion notification laws and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Meese, Edwin, III	originalism
Meese, Edwin, III	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Meese, Edwin, III	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Michigan, University of	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Michigan, University of	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Michigan, University of	Phillips, Carter
Michigan, University of	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Michigan, University of	racial preferences, in military
Michigan, University of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Michigan, University of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Michigan, University of	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	Richmond v. Croson
Michigan, University of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	schools, racial preferences in
Michigan, University of	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Miers, Harriet E.	Reid, Harry
Miers, Harriet E.	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miers, Harriet E.	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E.	Rove, Karl
Miers, Harriet E.	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Rove, Karl
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Reid, Harry
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Rove, Karl
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Specter, Arlen
military, U.S., affirmative action in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Phillips, Carter
military, U.S., affirmative action in	racial preferences, in military
military, U.S., affirmative action in	racial preferences, in school admissions
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
military, U.S., affirmative action in	schools, racial preferences in
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Rasul v. Bush
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Rumsfeld, Donald
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	terrorism, detainee treatment and
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
minors, executions of	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
minors, executions of	Roper v. Simmons
minors, executions of	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
minors, executions of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Miranda v. Arizona	Rehnquist, William, on Miranda rights
Miranda v. Arizona	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miranda v. Arizona	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Miranda v. Arizona	Warren, Earl, Miranda decision of
Miranda v. Arizona	White, Byron R., on abortion
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Stenberg v. Carhart
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
New Deal	Roosevelt, Franklin D.
New London, Conn., eminent domain in	private property, eminent domain vs.
Nussbaum, Bernie	White, Byron R., retirement of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, John	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, undue burden standard in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	White, Byron R., on abortion
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	religion, public sphere expressions of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Souter, David H.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues	schools, gun-free zones near
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues	United States v. Lopez
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	Stevens, John Paul, law clerks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in government contracts
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in military
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Richmond v. Croson
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	strict scrutiny
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, death of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	religion, public sphere expressions of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	schools, religious expression in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Sekulow, Jay
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Specter, Arlen
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Scalia, Antonin
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Stevens, John Paul
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Olson, Theodore B.	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in military
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in school admissions
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	schools, racial preferences in
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
originalism	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, background of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
originalism	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
originalism	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Padilla, Jose	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Padilla case	Rasul v. Bush
Padilla case	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Padilla case	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Padilla case	torture
Phillips, Carter	racial preferences, in military
Phillips, Carter	racial preferences, in school admissions
Phillips, Carter	schools, racial preferences in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	schools, racial preferences in
privacy rights	Warren, Earl
privacy rights, abortion tied to	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
privacy rights, on DMV information	Reno v. Condon
privacy rights, on DMV information	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
privacy rights, on DMV information	states' rights
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
racial preferences	Reagan, Ronald
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
racial preferences, in government contracts	Richmond v. Croson
racial preferences, in government contracts	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in military	racial preferences, in school admissions
racial preferences, in military	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
racial preferences, in military	schools, racial preferences in
racial preferences, in military	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
racial preferences, in school admissions	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Richmond v. Croson
racial preferences, in school admissions	ROTC
racial preferences, in school admissions	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	schools, racial preferences in
racial preferences, in school admissions	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Rasul v. Bush	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Rasul v. Bush	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Rasul v. Bush	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Rasul v. Bush	torture
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	Warren, Earl
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	schools, racial preferences in
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, background of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Rehnquist, William, background of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Rehnquist, William, background of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Senate, U.S., impeachment trial in
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Rehnquist, William, death of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Rehnquist, William, death of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Rehnquist, William, death of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, on death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Rehnquist, William, on death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	schools, gun-free zones near
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	United States v. Lopez
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Starr, Kenneth
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Rehnquist, William, marriage of	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Rehnquist, William, marriage of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
religion, First Amendment on	religion, public sphere expressions of
religion, First Amendment on	Sekulow, Jay
religion, First Amendment on	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
religion, First Amendment on	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
religion, public sphere expressions of	Robertson, Pat
religion, public sphere expressions of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
religion, public sphere expressions of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
religion, public sphere expressions of	schools, religious expression in
religion, public sphere expressions of	Sekulow, Jay
religion, public sphere expressions of	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
religion, public sphere expressions of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
religion, public sphere expressions of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
religion, public sphere expressions of	Ten Commandments
religion, public sphere expressions of	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
Reno v. Condon	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Specter, Arlen
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Richmond v. Croson	schools, racial preferences in
Richmond v. Croson	strict scrutiny
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Scalia, Antonin
Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Robertson, Pat	schools, religious expression in
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Souter, David H., appointment of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Specter, Arlen
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	stare decisis
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	White, Byron R., on abortion
Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roper v. Simmons	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Roper v. Simmons	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Roper v. Simmons	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
ROTC	schools, racial preferences in
Rumsfeld, Donald	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Salzburg, Seminar	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	schools, religious expression in
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	Sekulow, Jay
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Scalia, Antonin	Souter, David H.
Scalia, Antonin	Stevens, John Paul
Scalia, Antonin	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	White, Byron R., on abortion
Scalia, Antonin, appointment of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Warren, Earl
Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case	Sierra Club
Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter	Sierra Club
Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	schools, religious expression in
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
schools, gun-free zones near	United States v. Lopez
schools, racial preferences in	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
schools, racial preferences in	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
schools, racial preferences in	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
schools, religious expression in	Sekulow, Jay
schools, religious expression in	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
schools, religious expression in	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
segregation	Warren, Earl
Sekulow, Jay	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Sekulow, Jay	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of	Specter, Arlen
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Sierra Club	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Souter, David H.	Thomas, Clarence
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Stenberg v. Carhart
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Souter, David H., appointment of	Souter, David H., career of
Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of	stare decisis
Souter, David H., on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Souter, David H., on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by	states' rights
Stenberg v. Carhart	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Stevens, John Paul	Thomas, Clarence
Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	torture
Stevens, John Paul, law clerks of	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Ten Commandments	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to	terrorism, detainee treatment and
terrorism, detainee treatment and	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
terrorism, detainee treatment and	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
terrorism, detainee treatment and	torture
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, background of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, personality of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
