ABA (American Bar Association)	American Bar Association (ABA)
ABA (American Bar Association)	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
abortion rights	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
abortion rights	Miranda v. Arizona
abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, votes on
abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin
abortion rights	Warren, Earl
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Arizona legalization efforts on abortion rights	Starr, Kenneth
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Bush, George W., on abortion rights
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Bush, George W., conservative base of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Bush, George W., 2004 election of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	evangelical movement, political influence of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	filibuster rule
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Gang of 14
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Hatch, Orrin
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Nuclear Option
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Senate Judiciary Committee, chairman of
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Specter, Arlen
abortion rights as central judicial issue	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Kolbert, Kathryn
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, oral argument of
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
abortion rights as a fundamental right	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	physicians' assessment linked to abortion rights
maternal health considered in abortion rights	trimester analysis applied to abortion rights
maternal health considered in abortion rights	abortion rights, on late-term procedures
maternal health considered in abortion rights	abortion rights, parental notification requirement as
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Ayotte v. Planned Parenthood of Northern New England
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	minors, abortion limits for
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
maternal health considered in abortion rights	New Hampshire, abortion access limitations in
maternal health considered in abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
maternal health considered in abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Stenberg, Don
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
maternal health considered in abortion rights	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
physicians' assessment linked to abortion rights	trimester analysis applied to abortion rights
physicians' assessment linked to abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
physicians' assessment linked to abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
physicians' assessment linked to abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
physicians' assessment linked to abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	abortion rights, as sex discrimination
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Bork, Robert
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Klain, Ron
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	privacy rights, abortion tied to
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	sex discrimination
privacy rights argument on abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
religious opposition to abortion rights	Catholic Church
religious opposition to abortion rights	evangelical movement, political influence of
religious opposition to abortion rights	evangelical movement, public religious expression and
religious opposition to abortion rights	Falwell, Jerry
religious opposition to abortion rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
religious opposition to abortion rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
religious opposition to abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
religious opposition to abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
religious opposition to abortion rights	religion, public sphere expressions of
religious opposition to abortion rights	Robertson, Pat
religious opposition to abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
religious opposition to abortion rights	slavery
religious opposition to abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
trimester analysis applied to abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
abortion rights, limitation of	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
abortion rights, limitation of	death penalty
abortion rights, limitation of	racial preferences
abortion rights, limitation of	racial preferences, in school admissions
abortion rights, limitation of	religion, public sphere expressions of
abortion rights, limitation of	schools, racial preferences in
abortion rights, limitation of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
abortion rights, judicial bypass of parental consent requirement as	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
abortion rights, judicial bypass of parental consent requirement as	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
abortion rights, judicial bypass of parental consent requirement as	In re Jane Doe
abortion rights, judicial bypass of parental consent requirement as	minors, abortion limits for
abortion rights, judicial bypass of parental consent requirement as	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
abortion rights, judicial bypass of parental consent requirement as	Texas Supreme Court, abortion restriction cases in
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Haskell, Martin
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Johnson, Douglas
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Kennedy, Anthony M., as swing vote
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Roe v. Wade, votes on
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Stenberg, Don
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Stenberg v. Carhart
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
abortion rights, on late-term procedures	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
abortion rights, parental notification requirement as	Ayotte v. Planned Parenthood of Northern New England
abortion rights, parental notification requirement as	minors, abortion limits for
abortion rights, parental notification requirement as	New Hampshire, abortion access limitations in
abortion rights, parental notification requirement as	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, risk information mandated as	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings
abortion rights, risk information mandated as	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
abortion rights, risk information mandated as	Pennsylvania, abortion limits in
abortion rights, risk information mandated as	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
abortion rights, risk information mandated as	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Klain, Ron
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
abortion rights, as sex discrimination	sex discrimination
abortion rights, spousal notification as	abortion rights, twenty-four-hour waiting period as
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
abortion rights, spousal notification as	marriage, abortion notification laws and
abortion rights, spousal notification as	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, spousal notification as	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
abortion rights, spousal notification as	sex discrimination
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
abortion rights, spousal notification as	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
abortion rights, twenty-four-hour waiting period as	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings
abortion rights, twenty-four-hour waiting period as	marriage, abortion notification laws and
abortion rights, twenty-four-hour waiting period as	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, twenty-four-hour waiting period as	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
abortion rights, twenty-four-hour waiting period as	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
abortion rights, undue burden standard applied to	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
abortion rights, undue burden standard applied to	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, undue burden standard in
abortion rights, undue burden standard applied to	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Abu Ghraib prison	Bush, George W., torture policy of
Abu Ghraib prison	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Abu Ghraib prison	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Abu Ghraib prison	Hamdi case
Abu Ghraib prison	Padilla case
Abu Ghraib prison	Rasul v. Bush
Abu Ghraib prison	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Abu Ghraib prison	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Abu Ghraib prison	torture
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	evangelical movement, public religious expression and
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	religion, public sphere expressions of
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	Robertson, Pat
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	schools, religious expression in
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	Sekulow, Jay
ACLJ (American Center for Law and Justice)	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	election of 1992
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	Kolbert, Kathryn
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	religion, public sphere expressions of
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	Sekulow, Jay
ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union)	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Adarand Construction, Inc. v. Pena	Michigan, University of
Adarand Construction, Inc. v. Pena	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Adarand Construction, Inc. v. Pena	racial preferences, in school admissions
Adarand Construction, Inc. v. Pena	schools, racial preferences in
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	Cuba, U.S. military in
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	Geneva Conventions
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	international law, Geneva Conventions
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	Michigan, University of
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	racial preferences, in school admissions
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	schools, racial preferences in
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Afghanistan, U.S. detainees from	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
African Americans, in military service	Michigan, University of
African Americans, in military service	military, U.S., affirmative action in
African Americans, in military service	Phillips, Carter
African Americans, in military service	racial preferences, in military
African Americans, in military service	racial preferences, in school admissions
African Americans, in military service	ROTC
African Americans, in military service	schools, racial preferences in
airports, religious proselytizing at	Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.
airports, religious proselytizing at	Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of
airports, religious proselytizing at	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
airports, religious proselytizing at	First Amendment, free speech protection of
airports, religious proselytizing at	First Amendment, on religion
airports, religious proselytizing at	Free Exercise Clause
airports, religious proselytizing at	Jews for Jesus
airports, religious proselytizing at	Los Angeles International Airport
airports, religious proselytizing at	religion, First Amendment on
airports, religious proselytizing at	religion, public sphere expressions of
airports, religious proselytizing at	Sekulow, Jay
airports, religious proselytizing at	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
airports, religious proselytizing at	Snyder, Alan Howard
airports, religious proselytizing at	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Baker, James A., III,
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	election of 2000
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Harris, Katherine
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Sauls, N. Sanders
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Albert Gore, Jr. v. Katherine Harris	Waters, Craig
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	Louisville, Ky.
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	Scalia, Antonin, legacy of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	schools, racial preferences in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr.	segregation
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Pennsylvania, abortion limits in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Roberts, John G., Jr., on abortion rulings
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	sex discrimination
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on abortion rulings	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., background of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	filibuster rule
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., conservative credentials of	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on Guantanamo detainees	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on Guantanamo detainees	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on Guantanamo detainees	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on Guantanamo detainees	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on Guantanamo detainees	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Bartolomucci, Christopher
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Berenson, Bradford
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Card, Andrew
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Concerned Alumni of Princeton
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Democratic Party, judicial appointments and
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	filibuster rule
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Graham, Lindsey
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Kennedy, Edward M.
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Libby, Lewis
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Luttig, Michael
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Nuclear Option
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Olson, Theodore B.
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Princeton University
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	racial preferences, in school admissions
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Rove, Karl
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	schools, racial preferences in
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., as Supreme Court candidate	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., welcoming dinner for	Breyer, Stephen G., at Alito's welcoming dinner
Alito, Samuel A., Jr., welcoming dinner for	Supreme Court, U.S., welcoming dinners held by
Al Qaeda	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Al Qaeda	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Al Qaeda	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Alzheimer's disease	O'Connor, John
Alzheimer's disease	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
Alzheimer's disease	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Alzheimer's disease	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
American Bar Association (ABA)	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
amicus briefs	Bollinger, Lee C.
amicus briefs	Ford, Gerald R.
amicus briefs	General Motors
amicus briefs	Krislov, Marvin
amicus briefs	Michigan, University of
amicus briefs	military, U.S., affirmative action in
amicus briefs	racial preferences, in military
amicus briefs	racial preferences, in school admissions
amicus briefs	schools, racial preferences in
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Clinton, Bill, on death penalty
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Marshall, Thurgood
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	minors, executions of
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Oklahoma City bombing
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Roper v. Simmons
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (1996)	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Arlington Group	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Arlington Group	CIA, White House leak on agent of
Arlington Group	Dobson, James C.
Arlington Group	Miers, Harriet E.
Arlington Group	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Arnold, Richard	Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of
Arnold, Richard	Brennan, William J., Jr.
Arnold, Richard	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Arnold, Richard	Carter, Jimmy
Arnold, Richard	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Arnold, Richard	White, Byron R., retirement of
Ashcroft, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Ashcroft, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism
Ashcroft, John	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Ashcroft, John	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Ayotte v. Planned Parenthood of Northern New England	minors, abortion limits for
Ayotte v. Planned Parenthood of Northern New England	New Hampshire, abortion access limitations in
Ayotte v. Planned Parenthood of Northern New England	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Babbitt, Bruce	Breyer, Stephen G., background of
Babbitt, Bruce	Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of
Babbitt, Bruce	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Babbitt, Bruce	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Babbitt, Bruce	Cuomo, Mario
Babbitt, Bruce	Foster, Vince
Babbitt, Bruce	Gore, Al
Babbitt, Bruce	Guinier, Lani
Babbitt, Bruce	Hatch, Orrin
Babbitt, Bruce	Kennedy, Edward M.
Babbitt, Bruce	Klain, Ron
Babbitt, Bruce	Merritt, Gilbert S., Jr.
Babbitt, Bruce	Nussbaum, Bernie
Babbitt, Bruce	Washington Times
Babbitt, Bruce	White, Byron R., retirement of
Baird, Zoe	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Baird, Zoe	Foster, Vince
Baird, Zoe	Klain, Ron
Baker, James A., III,	Bush, George W., 2000 election of
Baker, James A., III,	Carvin, Michael
Baker, James A., III,	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Baker, James A., III,	election of 2000
Baker, James A., III,	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Baker, James A., III,	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Baker, James A., III,	Hamilton, Lee
Baker, James A., III,	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Baker, James A., III,	Iraq Study Group
Baker, James A., III,	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Baker, James A., III,	O'Connor, Sandra Day, in Iraq Study Group
Baker, James A., III,	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Baker, James A., III,	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Baker, James A., III,	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Baker, James A., III,	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Berenson, Bradford
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Bush, George W., messianic attitude of
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Federalist Society
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Luttig, Michael
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Bartolomucci, Christopher	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Bennett, Bob	Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against
Bennett, Bob	Clinton v. Jones
Bennett, Bob	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones
Bennett, Bob	Jones, Paula Corbin
Bennett, Bob	Lewinsky, Monica
Bennett, Bob	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Bennett, Bob	Rehnquist, William, monthly poker game of
Bennett, Bob	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Bennett, Bob	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Bennett, Bob	Souter, David H.
Bennett, Bob	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Berenson, Bradford	Bowen, Stuart
Berenson, Bradford	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Berenson, Bradford	Bush, George W., messianic attitude of
Berenson, Bradford	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Berenson, Bradford	Federalist Society
Berenson, Bradford	Flanigan, Timothy
Berenson, Bradford	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Berenson, Bradford	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Berenson, Bradford	Luttig, Michael
Berenson, Bradford	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Berenson, Bradford	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
birth control	Miranda v. Arizona
birth control	privacy rights
birth control	reproductive rights, birth control and
birth control	Warren, Earl
Biskupic, Joan	O'Connor, John
Biskupic, Joan	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Bork, Robert
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Brennan, William J., Jr.
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Constitution, U.S., original intention of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Klain, Ron
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Kolbert, Kathryn
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Miranda v. Arizona
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	originalism
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Pennsylvania, abortion limits in
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Powell, Lewis F., on Burger Court
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	privacy rights
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	privacy rights, abortion tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	"Questions Presented"
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	sex discrimination
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	stare decisis
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Stewart, Potter
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Warren, Earl
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Blackmun, Harry A., on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	Blackmun, Harry A., Burger's administrative style and
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	Burger, Warren E., Supreme Court appointment of
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	criminal suspects, interrogation of
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	Miranda v. Arizona
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	Nixon, Richard M., justices appointed by
Blackmun, Harry A., appointment of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Blackmun, Harry A., Burger's administrative style and	Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of
Blackmun, Harry A., Burger's administrative style and	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Blackmun, Harry A., death penalty opposed by	Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment
Blackmun, Harry A., death penalty opposed by	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Cutler, Lloyd
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Blackmun, Harry A., retirement of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Bork, Robert
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Foster, Vince
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Klain, Ron
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	originalism
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	privacy rights, abortion tied to
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	sex discrimination
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	stare decisis
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Blackmun, Harry A., Roe opinion written by	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Blakenham, John Hare, Lord	Breyer, Stephen G., background of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	First Amendment, on religion
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Free Exercise Clause
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Jews for Jesus
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Los Angeles International Airport
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	religion, First Amendment on
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	religion, public sphere expressions of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Sekulow, Jay
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	Snyder, Alan Howard
Board of Airport Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc.	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	Establishment Clause
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	Free Exercise Clause
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	religion, public sphere expressions of
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	schools, religious expression in
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	Sekulow, Jay
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Board of Education of Westside Community Schools v. Mergens	Westside High School
Boies, David	Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election
Boies, David	Bush v. Gore
Boies, David	Bush v. Gore, oral argument in
Boies, David	election of 2000
Boies, David	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Boies, David	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Boies, David	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Boies, David	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Boies, David	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Boies, David	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Boies, David	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Boies, David	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bollinger, Lee C.	Ford, Gerald R.
Bollinger, Lee C.	General Motors
Bollinger, Lee C.	Krislov, Marvin
Bollinger, Lee C.	Michigan, University of
Bollinger, Lee C.	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Bollinger, Lee C.	racial preferences, in military
Bollinger, Lee C.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Bollinger, Lee C.	schools, racial preferences in
Bork, Robert	Burger Court
Bork, Robert	Calabresi, Steven
Bork, Robert	Carter, Jimmy
Bork, Robert	Federalist Society, development of
Bork, Robert	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Bork, Robert	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Bork, Robert	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Bork, Robert	Warren, Earl
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Burger, Warren E., in retirement
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Bush, George W., conservative base of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	civil rights
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	filibuster rule
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Ginsburg, Douglas H.
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Iran-Contra affair
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Meese, Edwin, III
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	originalism
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	privacy rights
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	racial preferences
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Specter, Arlen
Bork, Robert, Supreme Court nomination of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Boumediene v. Bush	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Boumediene v. Bush	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Boumediene v. Bush	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Bowen, Stuart	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Bowen, Stuart	Flanigan, Timothy
Bowen, Stuart	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bowen, Stuart	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bowers v. Hardwick	Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling
Bowers v. Hardwick	Chinnis, Cabell, Jr.
Bowers v. Hardwick	Dudgeon v. United Kingdom
Bowers v. Hardwick	European Court of Human Rights
Bowers v. Hardwick	gay rights
Bowers v. Hardwick	international law, on gay rights
Bowers v. Hardwick	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Bowers v. Hardwick	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
Bowers v. Hardwick	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Bowers v. Hardwick	Lawrence v. Texas
Bowers v. Hardwick	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Bowers v. Hardwick	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
Bowers v. Hardwick	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Bowers v. Hardwick	Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law
Bowers v. Hardwick	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
Bowers v. Hardwick	Salzburg, Seminar
Bowers v. Hardwick	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Bowers v. Hardwick	sodomy, criminalization of
Bowers v. Hardwick	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Bowers v. Hardwick	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Brady Bill	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Brady Bill	gun control, background checks in
Brady Bill	Scalia, Antonin, on gun control
Brady Bill	states' rights
Brennan, William J., Jr.	Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of
Brennan, William J., Jr.	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Brennan, William J., Jr.	Marshall, Thurgood
Brennan, William J., Jr.	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Clinton, Bill, on death penalty
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Marshall, Thurgood
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	minors, executions of
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Oklahoma City bombing
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Brennan, William J., Jr., on death penalty	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Brennan, William J., Jr., ideological stance of	Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of
Brennan, William J., Jr., ideological stance of	Eisenhower, Dwight D.
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Burger, Warren E., in retirement
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Constitution, U.S., bicentennial celebration of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Eisenstadt v. Baird
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	libel
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Souter, David H., appointment of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Souter, David H., career of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	speech, freedom of, libel vs.
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Sununu, John
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Brennan, William J., Jr., retirement of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Brennan, William J., Jr., on Supreme Court politics	United States v. Lopez
Breyer, Stephen G.	Cheney, Dick
Breyer, Stephen G.	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader
Breyer, Stephen G.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Breyer, Stephen G.	Schiavo, Terri
Breyer, Stephen G.	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G.	Stevens, John Paul
Breyer, Stephen G.	Thomas, Clarence
Breyer, Stephen G., at Alito's welcoming dinner	Supreme Court, U.S., welcoming dinners held by
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Cuomo, Mario
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Goldberg, Arthur J.
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Hatch, Orrin
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	Klain, Ron
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	minors, executions of
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	United States v. Lopez
Breyer, Stephen G., background of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Sekulow, Jay
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Stenberg v. Carhart
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Breyer, Stephen G., as coalition builder	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Constitution, U.S., eminent domain powers in
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	eminent domain
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Kelo v. City of New London
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Kennedy, Anthony M.
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	private property, eminent domain vs.
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Souter, David H.
Breyer, Stephen G., eminent domain case upheld by	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Condon, Charlie
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	gun control, background checks in
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	privacy rights, on DMV information
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	Reno v. Condon
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Breyer, Stephen G., on federal regulatory power	states' rights
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	Breyer, Stephen G., as swing vote
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	minors, executions of
Breyer, Stephen G., federal sentencing guidelines established by	Ten Commandments
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	gay rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	Lawrence v. Texas
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
Breyer, Stephen G., on gay rights ruling	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Breyer, Stephen G., gregarious optimism of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	civil liberties, national security vs.
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	executive power, wartime expansion of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Breyer, Stephen G., on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	Commerce Clause
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	interstate commerce
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	schools, gun-free zones near
Breyer, Stephen G., on gun-possession regulations	United States v. Lopez
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	Bush, George W.
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	Roper v. Simmons
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Breyer, Stephen G., international involvement of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Layton, James R.
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	minors, executions of
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Souter, David H.
Breyer, Stephen G., on juvenile death penalty	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Breyer, Stephen G., law clerks for	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Miranda rights	criminal suspects, interrogation of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Miranda rights	Miranda v. Arizona
Breyer, Stephen G., on Miranda rights	Rehnquist, William, on Miranda rights
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	Michigan, University of
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	racial preferences, in school admissions
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Breyer, Stephen G., O'Connor's alliance with	schools, racial preferences in
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	Condon, Charlie
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	gun control, background checks in
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	privacy rights, on DMV information
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	Reno v. Condon
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Breyer, Stephen G., at oral argument	states' rights
Breyer, Stephen G., pragmatic constitutional approach of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Breyer, Stephen G., pragmatic constitutional approach of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Brown v. Board of Education
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Gratz v. Bollinger
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Louisville, Ky.
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Michigan, University of
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	racial preferences, in government contracts
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Roberts, John G., Jr., segregation cases and
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Breyer, Stephen G., on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Stenberg v. Carhart
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Stenberg abortion case	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Carter, Jimmy
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Cuomo, Mario
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Cutler, Lloyd
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Foster, Vince
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Hatch, Orrin
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Klain, Ron
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	United States v. Lopez
Breyer, Stephen G., Supreme Court appointment of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Breyer, Stephen G., as swing vote	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Breyer, Stephen G., as swing vote	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Breyer, Stephen G., as swing vote	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Breyer, Stephen G., as swing vote	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Breyer, Stephen G., as swing vote	minors, executions of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Establishment Clause
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	religion, public sphere expressions of
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Ten Commandments
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
Breyer, Stephen G., on Ten Commandments cases	Van Orlen v. Perry
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, oral argument in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	election of 2000
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Breyer, Stephen G., on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Brown, Janice Rogers	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Brown, Janice Rogers	Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"
Brown, Janice Rogers	Hurricane Katrina
Brown, Janice Rogers	Jones, Edith
Brown, Janice Rogers	Miers, Harriet E.
Brown, Janice Rogers	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Brown, Janice Rogers	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Brown, Janice Rogers	Owen, Priscilla
Brown, Janice Rogers	Reid, Harry
Brown, Janice Rogers	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Brown, Janice Rogers	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Brown v. Board of Education	civil rights
Brown v. Board of Education	Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on
Brown v. Board of Education	Louisville, Ky.
Brown v. Board of Education	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Brown v. Board of Education	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Brown v. Board of Education	Republican Party, conservative wing of
Brown v. Board of Education	Roberts, John G., Jr., segregation cases and
Brown v. Board of Education	schools, racial preferences in
Brown v. Board of Education	Seattle, Wash.
Brown v. Board of Education	segregation
Brown v. Board of Education	Warren, Earl
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Eisenhower, Dwight D.
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Nixon, Richard M., justices appointed by
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Stevens, John Paul, in conference discussions
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Burger, Warren E., administrative deficiencies of	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Constitution, U.S., bicentennial celebration of
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Meese, Edwin, III
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	originalism
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Powell, Lewis F.
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Powell, Lewis F., as swing vote
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Burger, Warren E., in retirement	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Burger, Warren E., Supreme Court appointment of	criminal suspects, interrogation of
Burger, Warren E., Supreme Court appointment of	Miranda v. Arizona
Burger Court	Warren, Earl
Burger Court, conservative shift of	Kennedy, John F.
Burger Court, conservative shift of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Burger Court, conservative shift of	White, Byron R., on abortion
Bush, George H. W.	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George H. W.	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
Bush, George H. W.	Miranda, Manuel
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	racial preferences
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Reagan, Ronald
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Souter, David H., appointment of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Souter, David H., career of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Sununu, John
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Bush, George H. W., judicial nominees of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Bush, George W.	Ford, Gerald R.
Bush, George W.	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Bush, George W.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Bush, George W.	Roper v. Simmons
Bush, George W.	schools, racial preferences in
Bush, George W.	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Bush, George W., on abortion rights	Bush, George W., conservative base of
Bush, George W., on abortion rights	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., on abortion rights	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Bush, George W., on abortion rights	Specter, Arlen
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Grutter v. Bollinger
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Mahoney, Maureen
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Michigan, University of
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Phillips, Carter
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in military
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in school admissions
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	schools, racial preferences in
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Bush, George W., on affirmative action	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Bush, George W., attorneys general under	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., attorneys general under	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Bush, George W., 2004 election of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Cheney, Dick
Bush, George W., conservative base of	election of 2004
Bush, George W., conservative base of	evangelical movement, political influence of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	filibuster rule
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Hatch, Orrin
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Miers, Harriet E.
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Bush, George W., conservative base of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Bush, George W., conservative base of	Specter, Arlen
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR)
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Cheney, Dick
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	civil liberties, national security vs.
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Clement, Paul
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Cuba, U.S. military in
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	executive power, wartime expansion of
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Geneva Conventions
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Hamdi case
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	international law, Geneva Conventions
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	judicial independence
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Katyal, Neal
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Korematsu v. United States
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Nixon, Richard M.
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Padilla, Jose
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Padilla case
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Rasul v. Bush
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Rumsfeld, Donald
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Schiavo, Terri
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	Thomas, Clarence
Bush, George W., Guantanamo detainees' cases and	torture
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E.
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Bush, George W., on Hurricane Katrina	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Bush, George W., international institutions devalued by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of
Bush, George W., international institutions devalued by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Bush, George W., political criticism of
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Reid, Harry
Bush, George W., Iraq war policies of	Social Security
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., messianic attitude of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., political criticism of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., 2000 election of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., 2004 election of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Bush, Laura
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Card, Andrew
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Cheney, Dick
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	CIA, White House leak on agent of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Constitution in Exile
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Dobson, James C.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	election of 2004
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	energy task force, lawsuit on records of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Estrada, Miguel
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	evangelical movement, political influence of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	executive power
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Federalist Society
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	filibuster rule
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Flanigan, Timothy
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Focus on the Family
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Ford, Gerald R.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Fortas, Abe
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Frist, Bill
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Frum, David
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gang of 14
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Geneva Conventions
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gilbert, Cass
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., as attorney general
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gray, C. Boyden
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Gregory, Roger
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Harvard Law School
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Hatch, Orrin
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Hecht, Nathan
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	In re Jane Doe
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	international law, Geneva Conventions
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Jones, Edith
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Kelley, William
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Kerry, John
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Krauthammer, Charles
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Leahy, Patrick
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Leitch, David
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Leo, Leonard
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Libby, Lewis
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Luttig, Michael
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Meese, Edwin, III
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	minors, abortion limits for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Miranda, Manuel
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Nuclear Option
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Roberts Court
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Olson, Theodore B.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Owen, Priscilla
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Parker, Barrington, Jr.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Powell, Lewis F.
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, death of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Reid, Harry
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	religion, public sphere expressions of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., on abortion rulings
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., judicial minimalism espoused by
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roberts, John G., Jr., military tribunals approved by
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Rove, Karl
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Scalia, Antonin
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Scalia, Antonin, as chief justice candidate
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Sekulow, Jay
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Senate Judiciary Committee, chairman of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Social Security
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Souter, David H., appointment of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Specter, Arlen
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Stevens, John Paul
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	strict constructionists
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Texas Supreme Court, abortion restriction cases in
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Weyrich, Paul
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	White, Byron R., background of
Bush, George W., judicial nominations made by	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Bush, George W., messianic attitude of	Bush, George W., White House legal staff of
Bush, George W., messianic attitude of	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Cornyn, John
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Hurricane Katrina
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Bush, George W., political criticism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Bush, George W., political criticism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Reid, Harry
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Bush, George W., political criticism of	Schiavo, Terri
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	Congress, U.S., Schiavo legislation of
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	Cornyn, John
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	DeLay, Tom
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	Schiavo, Terri
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	Schindler, Mary
Bush, George W., Schiavo legislation approved by	Schindler, Robert
Bush, George W., torture policy of	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bush, George W., torture policy of	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Bush, George W., torture policy of	Hamdi case
Bush, George W., torture policy of	Padilla case
Bush, George W., torture policy of	Rasul v. Bush
Bush, George W., torture policy of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Bush, George W., torture policy of	torture
Bush, George W., torture policy of	Yoo, John
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	certiorari process
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Due Process Clause
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	election of 2000
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Harris, Katherine
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, John
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Riggins, John
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Bush, George W., 2000 election of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Dobson, James C.
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	election of 2004
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	evangelical movement, political influence of
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	filibuster rule
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Gang of 14
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Kerry, John
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Nuclear Option
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Bush, George W., 2004 election of	Specter, Arlen
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Clinton, Bill, conservative opposition to
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Flanigan, Timothy
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
Bush, George W., White House legal staff of	Starr, Kenneth
Bush, Jeb	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush, Laura	Hurricane Katrina
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, oral argument in
Bush v. Gore	Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling
Bush v. Gore	Clinton, Bill, conservative opposition to
Bush v. Gore	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Bush v. Gore	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore	gay rights
Bush v. Gore	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of
Bush v. Gore	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Harris, Katherine
Bush v. Gore	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Bush v. Gore	Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of
Bush v. Gore	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez
Bush v. Gore	Lewis, Terry
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Bush v. Gore	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Bush v. Gore	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore	Scalia, Antonin
Bush v. Gore	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Souter, David H., career of
Bush v. Gore	Souter, David H., eccentricities of
Bush v. Gore	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Stevens, John Paul
Bush v. Gore	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Bush v. Gore	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore	Turner, Ed
Bush v. Gore	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Bush v. Gore, oral argument in
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, Article II arguments in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, backlash against decision in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Souter, David H., career of
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, dissenting opinions in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, equal protection grounds of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, moderation of rulings after	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, moderation of rulings after	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, moderation of rulings after	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, oral argument in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	election of 2000
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Gore, as single instance ruling	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	certiorari process
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Due Process Clause
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	election of 2000
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Harris, Katherine
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
Calabresi, Steven	Carter, Jimmy
Calabresi, Steven	Federalist Society, development of
Calabresi, Steven	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Calabresi, Steven	Warren, Earl
California, University of, at Davis	Grutter v. Bollinger
California, University of, at Davis	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
California, University of, at Davis	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
California, University of, at Davis	Mahoney, Maureen
California, University of, at Davis	Michigan, University of
California, University of, at Davis	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
California, University of, at Davis	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
California, University of, at Davis	racial preferences, in school admissions
California, University of, at Davis	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
California, University of, at Davis	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
California, University of, at Davis	schools, racial preferences in
Card, Andrew	Cheney, Dick
Card, Andrew	Kelley, William
Card, Andrew	Leo, Leonard
Card, Andrew	Libby, Lewis
Card, Andrew	Luttig, Michael
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E.
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Card, Andrew	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Card, Andrew	Miranda, Manuel
Card, Andrew	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Card, Andrew	Rove, Karl
Carline, Wallace	Cheney, Dick
Carline, Wallace	Cheney v. United States District Court
Carline, Wallace	energy task force, lawsuit on records of
Carline, Wallace	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Carline, Wallace	Sierra Club
Carter, Jimmy	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Carter, Jimmy	Federalist Society, development of
Carter, Jimmy	Gore, Al
Carter, Jimmy	Reagan, Ronald
Carter, Jimmy	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Carter, Jimmy	Warren, Earl
Carter, Jimmy	White, Byron R., retirement of
Carvin, Michael	election of 2000
Carvin, Michael	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Carvin, Michael	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Carvin, Michael	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Carvin, Michael	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Castro, Fidel	Cuba, U.S. military in
Castro, Fidel	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Castro, Fidel	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Castro, Fidel	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Catholic Church	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Catholic Church	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Catholic Church	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Catholic Church	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Catholic Church	slavery
Catholic Church	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR)	executive power, wartime expansion of
Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR)	Hamdi case
Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR)	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR)	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR)	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Central European and Eurasian Law Initiative (CEELI)	O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of
certiorari process	Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of
certiorari process	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
certiorari process	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
certiorari process	Due Process Clause
certiorari process	election of 2000
certiorari process	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
certiorari process	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
certiorari process	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
certiorari process	Harris, Katherine
certiorari process	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
certiorari process	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
certiorari process	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
certiorari process	Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of
certiorari process	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
certiorari process	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Cheney, Dick	Cheney v. United States District Court
Cheney, Dick	Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"
Cheney, Dick	cruel and unusual punishment
Cheney, Dick	energy task force, lawsuit on records of
Cheney, Dick	executive power
Cheney, Dick	executive power, wartime expansion of
Cheney, Dick	Ford, Gerald R.
Cheney, Dick	Geneva Conventions
Cheney, Dick	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
Cheney, Dick	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Cheney, Dick	international law, Geneva Conventions
Cheney, Dick	Leno, Jay
Cheney, Dick	Miers, Harriet E.
Cheney, Dick	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Cheney, Dick	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Cheney, Dick	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Cheney, Dick	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Cheney, Dick	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Cheney, Dick	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Cheney, Dick	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Cheney, Dick	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Cheney, Dick	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Cheney, Dick	Roberts, John G., Jr., military tribunals approved by
Cheney, Dick	Rove, Karl
Cheney, Dick	Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case
Cheney, Dick	Scalia, Antonin, as chief justice candidate
Cheney, Dick	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Cheney, Dick	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Cheney, Dick	Sierra Club
Cheney, Dick	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Cheney v. United States District Court	energy task force, lawsuit on records of
Cheney v. United States District Court	Leno, Jay
Cheney v. United States District Court	Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case
Cheney v. United States District Court	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Cheney v. United States District Court	Sierra Club
Cheney v. United States District Court	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Chinnis, Cabell, Jr.	gay rights
Chinnis, Cabell, Jr.	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
Chinnis, Cabell, Jr.	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
CIA, White House leak on agent of	Dobson, James C.
CIA, White House leak on agent of	Miers, Harriet E.
CIA, White House leak on agent of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
civil liberties, national security vs.	Clement, Paul
civil liberties, national security vs.	Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by
civil liberties, national security vs.	executive power, wartime expansion of
civil liberties, national security vs.	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
civil liberties, national security vs.	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
civil liberties, national security vs.	Hamdi case
civil liberties, national security vs.	Katyal, Neal
civil liberties, national security vs.	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
civil liberties, national security vs.	Korematsu v. United States
civil liberties, national security vs.	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
civil liberties, national security vs.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	Rasul v. Bush
civil liberties, national security vs.	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
civil liberties, national security vs.	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
civil liberties, national security vs.	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
civil liberties, national security vs.	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
civil liberties, national security vs.	terrorism, detainee treatment and
civil liberties, national security vs.	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
civil liberties, national security vs.	Thomas, Clarence
civil liberties, national security vs.	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
civil rights	Meese, Edwin, III
civil rights	privacy rights
civil rights	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
civil rights	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
civil rights	segregation
civil rights	Warren, Earl
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	filibuster rule
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Jones, Edith
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Luttig, Michael
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Owen, Priscilla
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Clement, Edith Brown "Joy"	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Clement, Paul	Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by
Clement, Paul	executive power, wartime expansion of
Clement, Paul	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
Clement, Paul	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Clement, Paul	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Clement, Paul	Hamdi case
Clement, Paul	Katyal, Neal
Clement, Paul	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Clement, Paul	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Clement, Paul	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Clement, Paul	military, U.S., torture evidence in
Clement, Paul	Padilla case
Clement, Paul	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Clement, Paul	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Clement, Paul	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Clement, Paul	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Clement, Paul	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Clement, Paul	torture
Clinton, Bill	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Clinton, Bill	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Foster, Vince
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Haskell, Martin
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Johnson, Douglas
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Klain, Ron
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	Richards, Ann
Clinton, Bill, on abortion rights	White, Byron R., retirement of
Clinton, Bill, conservative opposition to	Starr, Kenneth
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Marshall, Thurgood
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	minors, executions of
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Oklahoma City bombing
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Clinton, Bill, on death penalty	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Clinton, Bill, economic programs of	Mitchell, George
Clinton, Bill, ethical controversies of	Foster, Vince
Clinton, Bill, ethical controversies of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Clinton, Bill, ethical controversies of	Whitewater investigation
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Constitution, U.S., on impeachment
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Jones, Paula Corbin
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Clinton, Bill, impeachment of	Senate, U.S., impeachment trial in
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Clinton, Hillary
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Cuomo, Andrew
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Cuomo, Mario
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Currie, Betty
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Cutler, Lloyd
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Dellinger, Walter
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Democratic Party, judicial appointments and
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Foster, Vince
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Gilbert, Cass
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Gore, Al
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Guinier, Lani
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Hatch, Orrin
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Hurricane Katrina
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Johnson, Lyndon
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Jones, Paula Corbin
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Kennedy, Edward M.
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Kennedy, John F.
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Klain, Ron
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Merritt, Gilbert S., Jr.
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Miers, Harriet E.
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Mitchell, George
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	O'Connor, Sandra Day
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Rehnquist, William, background of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Reno, Janet
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Richards, Ann
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Riley, Richard
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Sidman, Ricki
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	sex discrimination
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Stephanopoulos, George
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Supreme Court, U.S., former judges appointed to
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Washington Times
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	White, Byron R., background of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	women's liberation movement
Clinton, Bill, judicial appointments of	Yeltsin, Boris
Clinton, Bill, popularity of	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Jones, Paula Corbin
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Souter, David H.
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Starr, Kenneth
Clinton, Bill, sexual harassment lawsuit against	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton, Hillary	White, Byron R., retirement of
Clinton v. Jones	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton v. Jones	Jones, Paula Corbin
Clinton v. Jones	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Clinton v. Jones	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Clinton v. Jones	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Clinton v. Jones	Senate, U.S., impeachment trial in
Clinton v. Jones	Souter, David H.
Clinton v. Jones	Starr, Kenneth
Clinton v. Jones	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Closed Chambers (Lazarus)	Lazarus, Edward
Closed Chambers (Lazarus)	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Commerce Clause	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Commerce Clause	Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of
Commerce Clause	Constitution in Exile
Commerce Clause	Days, Drew S., III
Commerce Clause	federalism revolution
Commerce Clause	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Commerce Clause	interstate commerce
Commerce Clause	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Commerce Clause	Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases
Commerce Clause	New Deal
Commerce Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Commerce Clause	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Commerce Clause	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Commerce Clause	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Commerce Clause	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Commerce Clause	schools, gun-free zones near
Commerce Clause	states' rights
Commerce Clause	Thomas, Clarence
Commerce Clause	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Commerce Clause	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Commerce Clause	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Commerce Clause	United States v. Lopez
Concerned Alumni of Princeton	Kennedy, Edward M.
Concerned Alumni of Princeton	Princeton University
Concerned Alumni of Princeton	racial preferences, in school admissions
Concerned Alumni of Princeton	schools, racial preferences in
Condon, Charlie	Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of
Condon, Charlie	privacy rights, on DMV information
Condon, Charlie	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Condon, Charlie	Reno v. Condon
Condon, Charlie	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Condon, Charlie	states' rights
Confrontation Clause	Constitution, U.S., Confrontation Clause of
Confrontation Clause	Constitution, U.S., Sixth amendment
Confrontation Clause	Scalia, Antonin, legacy of
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	gay rights
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	Solomon Amendment
Congress, U.S., campus military recruitment supported by	speech, freedom of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Constitution, U.S., original intention of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Constitution in Exile
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Days, Drew S., III
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	federalism revolution
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Federalist Society, core beliefs of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Federalist Society, development of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	gun control, background checks in
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	interstate commerce
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	New Deal
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	originalism
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	privacy rights, on DMV information
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Reno v. Condon
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Roosevelt, Franklin D.
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Scalia, Antonin, on gun control
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	schools, gun-free zones near
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Souter, David H., career of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	states' rights
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Stevens, John Paul, on congressional power under Commerce Clause
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	United States v. Lopez
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Violence Against Women Act
Congress, U.S., conservative views on limits of	Warren, Earl
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	executive power, wartime expansion of
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Hamdi case
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Katyal, Neal
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Padilla, Jose
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Padilla case
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Congress, U.S., military counterterrorist response authorized by	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Congress, U.S., partisan control of	Gingrich, Newt
Congress, U.S., partisan control of	Republican Party, as congressional majority
Congress, U.S., Schiavo legislation of	DeLay, Tom
Congress, U.S., Schiavo legislation of	Schiavo, Terri
Congress, U.S., Schiavo legislation of	Schindler, Mary
Congress, U.S., Schiavo legislation of	Schindler, Robert
Constitution, U.S., bicentennial celebration of	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Constitution in Exile
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	federalism revolution
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	interstate commerce
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	New Deal
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	schools, gun-free zones near
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	states' rights
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Stevens, John Paul, on congressional power under Commerce Clause
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Thomas, Clarence
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Constitution, U.S., Commerce Clause of	United States v. Lopez
Constitution, U.S., Confrontation Clause of	Constitution, U.S., Sixth amendment
Constitution, U.S., Confrontation Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, legacy of
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	Constitution, U.S., on election procedures
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	Due Process Clause
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution, U.S., Due Process Clause of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Due Process Clause
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Harris, Katherine
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Constitution, U.S., on election procedures	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., eminent domain powers in	eminent domain
Constitution, U.S., eminent domain powers in	Kelo v. City of New London
Constitution, U.S., eminent domain powers in	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Constitution, U.S., eminent domain powers in	private property, eminent domain vs.
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Due Process Clause
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	gay rights
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Harris, Katherine
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	racial preferences, in government contracts
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Richmond v. Croson
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Equal Protection Clause of	United States v. Carolene Products
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Constitution, U.S., original intention of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	First Amendment, on religion
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Free Exercise Clause
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	originalism
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	religion, First Amendment on
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	schools, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Sekulow, Jay
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Ten Commandments
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
Constitution, U.S., Establishment Clause of	Westside High School
Constitution, U.S., foreign law cited in interpretation of	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Constitution, U.S., foreign law cited in interpretation of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Constitution, U.S., foreign law cited in interpretation of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	First Amendment, on religion
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Free Exercise Clause
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Jews for Jesus
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Los Angeles International Airport
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	religion, First Amendment on
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	schools, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Sekulow, Jay
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Constitution, U.S., Free Exercise Clause of	Westside High School
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	Constitution, U.S., First amendment
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	Free Speech Clause
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	holiday displays, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	Ku Klux Klan
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., Free Speech Clause of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Constitution, U.S., on impeachment	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Constitution, U.S., on impeachment	Senate, U.S., impeachment trial in
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Federalist Society, core beliefs of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	originalism
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Roosevelt, Franklin D.
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Constitution, U.S., original intention of	Warren, Earl
Constitution, U.S., unenumerated rights derived from	Harlan, John Marshall, II
Constitution, U.S., unenumerated rights derived from	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Constitution, U.S., unenumerated rights derived from	stare decisis
Constitution, U.S., unenumerated rights derived from	unenumerated rights
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Eisenstadt v. Baird
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Establishment Clause
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	First Amendment, on religion
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Free Exercise Clause
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Free Speech Clause
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	gay rights
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	holiday displays, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Jews for Jesus
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Ku Klux Klan
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	libel
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Los Angeles International Airport
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	religion, First Amendment on
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	schools, religious expression in
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Sekulow, Jay
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Snyder, Alan Howard
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Solomon Amendment
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	speech, freedom of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	speech, freedom of, libel vs.
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Constitution, U.S., First amendment	Ten Commandments
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	District of Columbia v. Heller
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	National Rifle Association
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on gun control
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Constitution, U.S., Second amendment	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Constitution, U.S., Sixth amendment	Scalia, Antonin, legacy of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	criminal prosecutions, death penalty in
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	European Union, death penalty ended in
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	execution, method of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	international law, on death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Layton, James R.
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Marshall, Thurgood
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	minors, executions of
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Roper v. Simmons
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Stevens, John Paul, on death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Constitution, U.S., Eighth amendment	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	election of 2000
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	gay rights
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Lawrence v. Texas
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Constitution, U.S., Fourteenth amendment	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Constitution in Exile	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Constitution in Exile	New Deal
Constitution in Exile	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Constitution in Exile	religion, public sphere expressions of
Constitution in Exile	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Constitution in Exile	schools, gun-free zones near
Constitution in Exile	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Constitution in Exile	United States v. Lopez
copyright infringement	entertainment industry, copyright infringement in
copyright infringement	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
copyright infringement	software, copyright infringement of
copyright infringement	Souter, David H., on copyright infringement case
Cornyn, John	DeLay, Tom
Cornyn, John	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Cornyn, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, death threats against
Cornyn, John	Schiavo, Terri
Cornyn, John	Supreme Court, U.S., death threats made against
Cornyn, John	Supreme Court, U.S., impeachment threats against
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	death penalty, for juvenile offenders
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	European Union, death penalty ended in
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	gay rights
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	international law, on death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M.
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Lawrence v. Texas
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Layton, James R.
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Marshall, Thurgood
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	minors, executions of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Oklahoma City bombing
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	racial preferences, in school admissions
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	religion, public sphere expressions of
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Roper v. Simmons
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Scalia, Antonin
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	schools, racial preferences in
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Souter, David H.
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
criminal prosecutions, death penalty in	White, Byron R.
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	federalism revolution
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	Michigan, University of
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	racial preferences, in school admissions
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
criminal prosecutions, federal sentencing guidelines in	schools, racial preferences in
criminal suspects, interrogation of	Miranda v. Arizona
criminal suspects, interrogation of	Rehnquist, William, on Miranda rights
Crow, Harlan	Douglass, Frederick
Crow, Harlan	Thomas, Clarence
Crow, Harlan	Thomas, Clarence, background of
Crow, Harlan	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
cruel and unusual punishment	Ford, Gerald R.
cruel and unusual punishment	Scalia, Antonin, background of
cruel and unusual punishment	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Cuba, U.S. military in	Geneva Conventions
Cuba, U.S. military in	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Cuba, U.S. military in	international law, Geneva Conventions
Cuba, U.S. military in	Michigan, University of
Cuba, U.S. military in	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Cuba, U.S. military in	racial preferences, in school admissions
Cuba, U.S. military in	Rasul v. Bush
Cuba, U.S. military in	schools, racial preferences in
Cuba, U.S. military in	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Cuba, U.S. military in	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Cuba, U.S. military in	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Cuba, U.S. military in	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Cuomo, Andrew	Cuomo, Mario
Cuomo, Andrew	Klain, Ron
Cuomo, Andrew	Stephanopoulos, George
Cuomo, Mario	Foster, Vince
Cuomo, Mario	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Cuomo, Mario	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Cuomo, Mario	Hatch, Orrin
Cuomo, Mario	Kennedy, Edward M.
Cuomo, Mario	Klain, Ron
Cuomo, Mario	Nussbaum, Bernie
Cuomo, Mario	Stephanopoulos, George
Cuomo, Mario	Yeltsin, Boris
Currie, Betty	Foster, Vince
Currie, Betty	Klain, Ron
Currie, Betty	Reno, Janet
Cutler, Lloyd	Nussbaum, Bernie
Days, Drew S., III	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Days, Drew S., III	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Days, Drew S., III	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Days, Drew S., III	schools, gun-free zones near
Days, Drew S., III	United States v. Lopez
death penalty	execution, method of
death penalty	Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals
death penalty	gay rights
death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
death penalty	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
death penalty	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
death penalty	religion, public sphere expressions of
death penalty	Roe v. Wade, votes on
death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
death penalty	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
death penalty	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
death penalty	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
death penalty	White, Byron R.
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	European Union, death penalty ended in
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	international law, on death penalty
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M.
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Layton, James R.
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Marshall, Thurgood
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	minors, executions of
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Oklahoma City bombing
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Roper v. Simmons
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Scalia, Antonin
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Souter, David H.
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
death penalty, for juvenile offenders	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
death penalty, in rape cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., on death penalty
death penalty, in rape cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
death penalty, in rape cases	Kennedy v. Louisiana
DeLay, Tom	international law, U.S. conservative disdain for
DeLay, Tom	Kennedy, Anthony M., conservative critics of
DeLay, Tom	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
DeLay, Tom	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
DeLay, Tom	Roper v. Simmons
DeLay, Tom	Schiavo, Terri
DeLay, Tom	Schindler, Mary
DeLay, Tom	Schindler, Robert
DeLay, Tom	Supreme Court, U.S., impeachment threats against
DeLay, Tom	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Dellinger, Walter	Klain, Ron
Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in	Democratic Party, judicial appointments and
Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in	Foster, Vince
Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in	Klain, Ron
Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in	Richards, Ann
Democratic Party, abortion rights supported in	White, Byron R., retirement of
Democratic Party, congressional majorities of	Hatch, Orrin
Democratic Party, judicial appointments and	filibuster rule
Democratic Party, judicial appointments and	Klain, Ron
Democratic Party, judicial appointments and	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
District of Columbia v. Heller	National Rifle Association
District of Columbia v. Heller	Scalia, Antonin, on gun control
District of Columbia v. Heller	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
District of Columbia v. Heller	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Dobson, James C.	evangelical movement, public religious expression and
Dobson, James C.	Federalist Society
Dobson, James C.	Focus on the Family
Dobson, James C.	Hecht, Nathan
Dobson, James C.	Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District
Dobson, James C.	Miers, Harriet E.
Dobson, James C.	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Dobson, James C.	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Dobson, James C.	religion, public sphere expressions of
Dobson, James C.	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
Dobson, James C.	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Dobson, James C.	Robertson, Pat
Dobson, James C.	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Dobson, James C.	Rove, Karl
Dobson, James C.	schools, religious expression in
Dobson, James C.	Sekulow, Jay
Dobson, James C.	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Dobson, James C.	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Dobson, James C.	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence, background of
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Douglass, Frederick	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Dread Scott decision	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Dread Scott decision	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Dread Scott decision	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Dread Scott decision	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Dread Scott decision	slavery
Dread Scott decision	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)	gun control, background checks in
Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)	privacy rights, on DMV information
Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Driver's Privacy Protection Act (1994)	states' rights
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	European Court of Human Rights
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	gay rights
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	international law, on gay rights
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	Lawrence v. Texas
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	Salzburg, Seminar
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	sodomy, criminalization of
Dudgeon v. United Kingdom	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Due Process Clause	election of 2000
Due Process Clause	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Due Process Clause	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Eisenhower, Dwight D.	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Eisenhower, Dwight D.	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Eisenhower, Dwight D.	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Eisenstadt v. Baird	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Eisenstadt v. Baird	libel
Eisenstadt v. Baird	speech, freedom of, libel vs.
Eisenstadt v. Baird	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
election of 1992	Kolbert, Kathryn
election of 1992	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on
election of 1992	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
election of 1992	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
election of 1992	Starr, Kenneth
election of 1992	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
election of 2000	Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and
election of 2000	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
election of 2000	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
election of 2000	Harris, Katherine
election of 2000	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
election of 2000	Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of
election of 2000	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
election of 2000	Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez
election of 2000	Lewis, Terry
election of 2000	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
election of 2000	O'Connor, John
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
election of 2000	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
election of 2000	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
election of 2000	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
election of 2000	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
election of 2000	Sauls, N. Sanders
election of 2000	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Souter, David H.
election of 2000	Souter, David H., career of
election of 2000	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Stevens, John Paul
election of 2000	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Stoessel, Mary Ann
election of 2000	Stoessel, Walter
election of 2000	Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of
election of 2000	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
election of 2000	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
election of 2000	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
election of 2000	Tribe, Laurence
election of 2000	Turner, Ed
election of 2000	Waters, Craig
election of 2000	welfare laws, constitutionality of
election of 2000	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
election of 2004	Kerry, John
election of 2004	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
election of 2004	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
election of 2004	Specter, Arlen
election of 2008	McCain, John, judicial philosophy of
eminent domain	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader
eminent domain	Kelo v. City of New London
eminent domain	Kennedy, Anthony M.
eminent domain	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
eminent domain	private property, eminent domain vs.
eminent domain	Souter, David H.
eminent domain	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	executive power, wartime expansion of
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Hamdi case
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Padilla, Jose
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Padilla case
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Rasul v. Bush
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	terrorism, detainee treatment and
enemy combatants, prisoners of war vs.	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
energy task force, lawsuit on records of	Geneva Conventions
energy task force, lawsuit on records of	international law, Geneva Conventions
energy task force, lawsuit on records of	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
energy task force, lawsuit on records of	Sierra Club
entertainment industry, copyright infringement in	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
entertainment industry, copyright infringement in	software, copyright infringement of
entertainment industry, copyright infringement in	Souter, David H., on copyright infringement case
Equal Protection Clause	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	racial preferences, in government contracts
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	Richmond v. Croson
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	strict scrutiny
Equal Protection Clause, racial preferences vs.	United States v. Carolene Products
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Harris, Katherine
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Equal Protection Clause, 2000 Florida election dispute and	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Establishment Clause	First Amendment, free speech protection of
Establishment Clause	First Amendment, on religion
Establishment Clause	Free Exercise Clause
Establishment Clause	Free Speech Clause
Establishment Clause	holiday displays, religious expression in
Establishment Clause	Ku Klux Klan
Establishment Clause	Lemon v. Kurtzman
Establishment Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Establishment Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Establishment Clause	originalism
Establishment Clause	religion, First Amendment on
Establishment Clause	religion, public sphere expressions of
Establishment Clause	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Establishment Clause	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Establishment Clause	schools, religious expression in
Establishment Clause	Sekulow, Jay
Establishment Clause	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Establishment Clause	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Establishment Clause	Ten Commandments
Establishment Clause	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
Establishment Clause	Westside High School
Estrada, Miguel	Florida, 2000 election controversy in
Estrada, Miguel	Gregory, Roger
Estrada, Miguel	Hatch, Orrin
Estrada, Miguel	Owen, Priscilla
Estrada, Miguel	Parker, Barrington, Jr.
Estrada, Miguel	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Estrada, Miguel	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Estrada, Miguel	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
European Court of Human Rights	gay rights
European Court of Human Rights	international law, on gay rights
European Court of Human Rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
European Court of Human Rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
European Court of Human Rights	Lawrence v. Texas
European Court of Human Rights	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
European Court of Human Rights	Salzburg, Seminar
European Court of Human Rights	sodomy, criminalization of
European Court of Human Rights	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
European Union, death penalty ended in	international law, on death penalty
European Union, death penalty ended in	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
European Union, death penalty ended in	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
European Union, death penalty ended in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
European Union, death penalty ended in	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
European Union, death penalty ended in	Layton, James R.
European Union, death penalty ended in	minors, executions of
European Union, death penalty ended in	Roper v. Simmons
European Union, death penalty ended in	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
European Union, death penalty ended in	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
evangelical movement, political influence of	evangelical movement, public religious expression and
evangelical movement, political influence of	Falwell, Jerry
evangelical movement, political influence of	religion, public sphere expressions of
evangelical movement, political influence of	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
evangelical movement, political influence of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
evangelical movement, political influence of	Sekulow, Jay
evangelical movement, political influence of	Specter, Arlen
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Focus on the Family
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Jews for Jesus
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	religion, public sphere expressions of
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Robertson, Pat
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	schools, religious expression in
evangelical movement, public religious expression and	Sekulow, Jay
Evans, M. Stanton	Media Research Center
Evans, M. Stanton	Thomas, Clarence
Evans, M. Stanton	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
executive power	Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team
executive power	McCain, John, judicial philosophy of
executive power	religion, public sphere expressions of
executive power	Roe v. Wade
executive power	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
executive power	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
executive power	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
executive power, wartime expansion of	Geneva Conventions
executive power, wartime expansion of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
executive power, wartime expansion of	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
executive power, wartime expansion of	Hamdi case
executive power, wartime expansion of	international law, Geneva Conventions
executive power, wartime expansion of	judicial independence
executive power, wartime expansion of	Katyal, Neal
executive power, wartime expansion of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
executive power, wartime expansion of	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
executive power, wartime expansion of	military, U.S., torture evidence in
executive power, wartime expansion of	Nixon, Richard M.
executive power, wartime expansion of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
executive power, wartime expansion of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
executive power, wartime expansion of	Padilla case
executive power, wartime expansion of	Rasul v. Bush
executive power, wartime expansion of	Roberts, John G., Jr.
executive power, wartime expansion of	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
executive power, wartime expansion of	Schiavo, Terri
executive power, wartime expansion of	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
executive power, wartime expansion of	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
executive power, wartime expansion of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
executive power, wartime expansion of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
executive power, wartime expansion of	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
executive power, wartime expansion of	torture
execution, method of	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Falwell, Jerry	Moral Majority
Falwell, Jerry	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
Falwell, Jerry	Robertson, Pat
Falwell, Jerry	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
federalism revolution	Michigan, University of
federalism revolution	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
federalism revolution	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
federalism revolution	racial preferences, in school admissions
federalism revolution	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
federalism revolution	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
federalism revolution	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
federalism revolution	Rehnquist, William, on votes vs. opinions
federalism revolution	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
federalism revolution	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
federalism revolution	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
federalism revolution	schools, racial preferences in
federalism revolution	states' rights
federalism revolution	Stevens, John Paul, on congressional power under Commerce Clause
Federalist Society	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Federalist Society	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Federalist Society	Leo, Leonard
Federalist Society	Republican Party, conservative wing of
Federalist Society	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Federalist Society	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Federalist Society	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Federalist Society, core beliefs of	Federalist Society, development of
Federalist Society, core beliefs of	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Federalist Society, core beliefs of	schools, gun-free zones near
Federalist Society, core beliefs of	United States v. Lopez
Federalist Society, development of	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Federalist Society, development of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Federalist Society, development of	Warren, Earl
Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals	White, Byron R.
filibuster rule	Gang of 14
filibuster rule	Graham, Lindsey
filibuster rule	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
filibuster rule	Nuclear Option
filibuster rule	Owen, Priscilla
filibuster rule	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
filibuster rule	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
filibuster rule	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
filibuster rule	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
filibuster rule	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
filibuster rule	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
filibuster rule	Specter, Arlen
First Amendment, free speech protection of	First Amendment, on religion
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Free Exercise Clause
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Free Speech Clause
First Amendment, free speech protection of	gay rights
First Amendment, free speech protection of	holiday displays, religious expression in
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Jews for Jesus
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Ku Klux Klan
First Amendment, free speech protection of	libel
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Los Angeles International Airport
First Amendment, free speech protection of	military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
First Amendment, free speech protection of	religion, First Amendment on
First Amendment, free speech protection of	religion, public sphere expressions of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
First Amendment, free speech protection of	schools, religious expression in
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Sekulow, Jay
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Snyder, Alan Howard
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Solomon Amendment
First Amendment, free speech protection of	speech, freedom of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	speech, freedom of, libel vs.
First Amendment, free speech protection of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
First Amendment, free speech protection of	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
First Amendment, on religion	Free Exercise Clause
First Amendment, on religion	Jews for Jesus
First Amendment, on religion	Los Angeles International Airport
First Amendment, on religion	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
First Amendment, on religion	religion, First Amendment on
First Amendment, on religion	religion, public sphere expressions of
First Amendment, on religion	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
First Amendment, on religion	schools, religious expression in
First Amendment, on religion	Sekulow, Jay
First Amendment, on religion	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
First Amendment, on religion	Snyder, Alan Howard
First Amendment, on religion	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
First Amendment, on religion	Ten Commandments
Flanigan, Timothy	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Flanigan, Timothy	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Harris, Katherine
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Lewis, Terry
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, John
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Sauls, N. Sanders
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Souter, David H., career of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Stevens, John Paul
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Stoessel, Mary Ann
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Stoessel, Walter
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Tribe, Laurence
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Turner, Ed
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	Waters, Craig
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Florida, 2000 election controversy in	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
Focus on the Family	Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District
Focus on the Family	religion, public sphere expressions of
Focus on the Family	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Focus on the Family	schools, religious expression in
Focus on the Family	Sekulow, Jay
Focus on the Family	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Ford, Gerald R.	General Motors
Ford, Gerald R.	Krislov, Marvin
Ford, Gerald R.	Michigan, University of
Ford, Gerald R.	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Ford, Gerald R.	racial preferences, in military
Ford, Gerald R.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Ford, Gerald R.	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Ford, Gerald R.	schools, racial preferences in
Ford, Gerald R.	Stevens, John Paul, Supreme Court apointment of
Foster, Vince	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Foster, Vince	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Foster, Vince	Gore, Al
Foster, Vince	Hatch, Orrin
Foster, Vince	Klain, Ron
Foster, Vince	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Foster, Vince	Reno, Janet
Foster, Vince	Richards, Ann
Foster, Vince	Sidman, Ricki
Foster, Vince	White, Byron R., retirement of
Foster, Vince	Whitewater investigation
Free Exercise Clause	Jews for Jesus
Free Exercise Clause	Los Angeles International Airport
Free Exercise Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Free Exercise Clause	religion, First Amendment on
Free Exercise Clause	religion, public sphere expressions of
Free Exercise Clause	schools, religious expression in
Free Exercise Clause	Sekulow, Jay
Free Exercise Clause	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Free Exercise Clause	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Free Exercise Clause	Westside High School
Free Speech Clause	holiday displays, religious expression in
Free Speech Clause	Ku Klux Klan
Free Speech Clause	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Free Speech Clause	religion, public sphere expressions of
Free Speech Clause	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Friendly, Henry J.	Harvard Law School
Friendly, Henry J.	Roberts, John G., Jr., background of
Friendly, Henry J.	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Frist, Bill	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
Frist, Bill	Miranda, Manuel
Frist, Bill	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Frum, David	Miers, Harriet E.
Frum, David	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Frum, David	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Gang of 14	Nuclear Option
Gang of 14	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Gang of 14	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Gang of 14	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Gang of 14	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Gang of 14	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Gang of 14	Specter, Arlen
gay rights	Gilbert, Cass
gay rights	international law, on gay rights
gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
gay rights	Lawrence v. Texas
gay rights	marriage, gay
gay rights	Massachusetts, gay marriage ruling in
gay rights	military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of
gay rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
gay rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
gay rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy
gay rights	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
gay rights	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
gay rights	racial preferences, in school admissions
gay rights	Rehnquist, William
gay rights	Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law
gay rights	Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by
gay rights	Roe v. Wade, votes on
gay rights	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
gay rights	Salzburg, Seminar
gay rights	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
gay rights	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
gay rights	schools, racial preferences in
gay rights	sodomy, criminalization of
gay rights	Solomon Amendment
gay rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
gay rights	speech, freedom of
gay rights	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
gay rights	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
General Motors	Krislov, Marvin
General Motors	Michigan, University of
General Motors	military, U.S., affirmative action in
General Motors	racial preferences, in military
General Motors	racial preferences, in school admissions
General Motors	schools, racial preferences in
Geneva Conventions	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Geneva Conventions	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Geneva Conventions	international law, Geneva Conventions
Geneva Conventions	Michigan, University of
Geneva Conventions	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Geneva Conventions	racial preferences, in school admissions
Geneva Conventions	schools, racial preferences in
Geneva Conventions	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Geneva Conventions	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Geneva Conventions	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Geneva Conventions	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Gilbert, Cass	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Gilbert, Cass	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Gilbert, Cass	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Gilbert, Cass	Scalia, Antonin
Gilbert, Cass	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
Gingrich, Newt	Republican Party, as congressional majority
Ginsburg, Douglas H.	Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)
Ginsburg, Douglas H.	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Ginsburg, Douglas H.	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Ginsburg, Douglas H.	schools, gun-free zones near
Ginsburg, Douglas H.	United States v. Lopez
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Kelo v. City of New London
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Kennedy, Anthony M.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	private property, eminent domain vs.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Scalia, Antonin
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Souter, David H.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Stevens, John Paul
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader	Thomas, Clarence
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Klain, Ron
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on abortion rights	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Klain, Ron
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Rehnquist, William, background of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Reno, Janet
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Stephanopoulos, George
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, background of	women's liberation movement
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones	Jones, Paula Corbin
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones	Souter, David H.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Clinton v. Jones	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, collegial relationships of	Souter, David H., career of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	Marshall, Thurgood, as civil rights litigator
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	Nussbaum, Bernie
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on feminist issues	women's liberation movement
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Hamdi case
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	military, U.S., torture evidence in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Padilla case
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on Guantanamo detainees	torture
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Gratz v. Bollinger
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Mahoney, Maureen
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Michigan, University of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in government contracts
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in military
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Richmond v. Croson
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	strict scrutiny
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Hatch, Orrin
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Jones, Paula Corbin
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Klain, Ron
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Nussbaum, Bernie
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Reno, Janet
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	sex discrimination
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Stephanopoulos, George
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	White, Byron R., retirement of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	Whitewater investigation
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, Supreme Court appointment of	women's liberation movement
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Gore, Al, in 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Ginsburg, Ruth Bader, on 2000 election dispute	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Goldstone, Richard	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Goldstone, Richard	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Goldwater, Barry	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Gonzales, Alberto R., as attorney general	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Gonzales, Alberto R., background of	Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for
Gonzales, Alberto R., background of	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team	Luttig, Michael
Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team	religion, public sphere expressions of
Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team	Rove, Karl
Gonzales, Alberto R., on judicial selection team	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	In re Jane Doe
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	minors, abortion limits for
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Miranda, Manuel
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Souter, David H., appointment of
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Texas Supreme Court, abortion restriction cases in
Gonzales, Alberto R., Supreme Court nomination, considered for	Weyrich, Paul
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Grutter v. Bollinger
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Hamdi case
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Kavanaugh, Brett M.
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Padilla case
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Rasul v. Bush
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Gonzales, Alberto R., as White House counsel	torture
Gore, Al	Klain, Ron
Gore, Al	Washington Times
Gore, Al	White, Byron R., retirement of
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Harris, Katherine
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Lewis, Terry
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	O'Connor, John
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Sauls, N. Sanders
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Tribe, Laurence
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	Waters, Craig
Gore, Al, in 2000 election	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
Gratz v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger
Gratz v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.
Gratz v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Gratz v. Bollinger	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Gratz v. Bollinger	Lawrence v. Texas
Gratz v. Bollinger	Michigan, University of
Gratz v. Bollinger	O'Connor, John
Gratz v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Gratz v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Gratz v. Bollinger	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Gratz v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in school admissions
Gratz v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Gratz v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Gratz v. Bollinger	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Gratz v. Bollinger	schools, racial preferences in
Gratz v. Bollinger	sodomy, criminalization of
Gratz v. Bollinger	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Gratz v. Bollinger	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Gray, C. Boyden	Meese, Edwin, III
Gray, C. Boyden	Souter, David H., appointment of
Gregory, Roger	Owen, Priscilla
Gregory, Roger	Parker, Barrington, Jr.
Grutter, Barbara	Grutter v. Bollinger
Grutter, Barbara	Michigan, University of
Grutter, Barbara	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter, Barbara	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter, Barbara	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.
Grutter v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on
Grutter v. Bollinger	Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at
Grutter v. Bollinger	Hamdi case
Grutter v. Bollinger	Harvard College, admissions policy of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Grutter v. Bollinger	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Kolbo, Kirk
Grutter v. Bollinger	Lawrence v. Texas
Grutter v. Bollinger	Mahoney, Maureen
Grutter v. Bollinger	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Grutter v. Bollinger	military, U.S., in Iraq invasion
Grutter v. Bollinger	O'Connor, John
Grutter v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Grutter v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Grutter v. Bollinger	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Grutter v. Bollinger	Phillips, Carter
Grutter v. Bollinger	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Grutter v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in government contracts
Grutter v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in military
Grutter v. Bollinger	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger	Rasul v. Bush
Grutter v. Bollinger	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Grutter v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Grutter v. Bollinger	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Richmond v. Croson
Grutter v. Bollinger	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger	sodomy, criminalization of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	Starr, Kenneth
Grutter v. Bollinger	Stevens, John Paul, background of
Grutter v. Bollinger	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Grutter v. Bollinger	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger	strict scrutiny
Grutter v. Bollinger	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Grutter v. Bollinger	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Grutter v. Bollinger	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Grutter v. Bollinger	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger, Gratz case vs.	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Louisville, Ky.
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	Seattle, Wash.
Grutter v. Bollinger, O'Connor's opinion on	segregation
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Harvard College, admissions policy of
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Kolbo, Kirk
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Mahoney, Maureen
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Michigan, University of
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	racial preferences, in military
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Richmond v. Croson
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	schools, racial preferences in
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Starr, Kenneth
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	strict scrutiny
Grutter v. Bollinger, oral argument of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Hamdan v. Rumsfeld
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Hamdi case
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	international law, Geneva Conventions
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	judicial independence
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Katyal, Neal
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Korematsu v. United States
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Lawrence v. Texas
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Margulies, Joseph
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Michigan, University of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Padilla, Jose
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Padilla case
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	racial preferences, in school admissions
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Rasul, Shafiq
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Rasul v. Bush
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Rumsfeld, Donald
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Schiavo, Terri
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	schools, racial preferences in
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Stevens, John Paul, background of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Thomas, Clarence
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Guantanamo Bay, U.S. detainees held at	torture
Guinier, Lani	Klain, Ron
Guinier, Lani	Merritt, Gilbert S., Jr.
Guinier, Lani	Nussbaum, Bernie
Guinier, Lani	White, Byron R., retirement of
gun control, background checks in	privacy rights, on DMV information
gun control, background checks in	Scalia, Antonin, on gun control
gun control, background checks in	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
gun control, background checks in	states' rights
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	interstate commerce
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	schools, gun-free zones near
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Gun-Free School Zones Act (1990)	United States v. Lopez
Gunther, Gerald	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	international law, Geneva Conventions
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Katyal, Neal
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdi case	Korematsu v. United States
Hamdi case	Lawrence v. Texas
Hamdi case	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Hamdi case	military, U.S., torture evidence in
Hamdi case	Nixon, Richard M.
Hamdi case	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdi case	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
Hamdi case	Padilla, Jose
Hamdi case	Padilla case
Hamdi case	Rasul v. Bush
Hamdi case	Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases
Hamdi case	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
Hamdi case	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Hamdi case	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Hamdi case	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Hamdi case	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Hamdi case	Thomas, Clarence
Hamdi case	torture
Hamilton, Lee	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Hamilton, Lee	Iraq Study Group
Hamilton, Lee	O'Connor, Sandra Day, in Iraq Study Group
Hamilton, Lee	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Hand, Learned	Harlan, John Marshall, II
Hand, Learned	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Harlan, John Marshall, II	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Harlan, John Marshall, II	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Harlan, John Marshall, II	stare decisis
Harlan, John Marshall, II	Stewart, Potter
Harlan, John Marshall, II	unenumerated rights
Harris, Katherine	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Harris, Katherine	Middlebrooks, Donald M.
Harris, Katherine	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Harris, Katherine	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Harris, Katherine	Sauls, N. Sanders
Harris, Katherine	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Harris, Katherine	Tribe, Laurence
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Mahoney, Maureen
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Michigan, University of
Harvard College, admissions policy of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Harvard College, admissions policy of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Harvard College, admissions policy of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Harvard College, admissions policy of	schools, racial preferences in
Harvard College, admissions policy of	Starr, Kenneth
Harvard Law School	Roberts, John G., Jr., background of
Harvard Law School	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Harvard Law School	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Haskell, Martin	Johnson, Douglas
Hatch, Orrin	Kennedy, Edward M.
Hatch, Orrin	Klain, Ron
Hatch, Orrin	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Hatch, Orrin	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Hatch, Orrin	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Hatch, Orrin	Senate Judiciary Committee, chairman of
Hatch, Orrin	Specter, Arlen
Hecht, Nathan	Hurricane Katrina
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E.
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Hecht, Nathan	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Hecht, Nathan	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Hecht, Nathan	Rove, Karl
Hill, Anita	People
Hill, Anita	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Hill, Anita	Rehnquist, William, marriage of
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Hill, Anita	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Hogan & Hartson	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
holiday displays, religious expression in	Ku Klux Klan
holiday displays, religious expression in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
holiday displays, religious expression in	religion, public sphere expressions of
holiday displays, religious expression in	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Holmes, Oliver Wendell, Jr.	Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases
Holmes, Oliver Wendell, Jr.	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Hurricane Katrina	Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in
Hurricane Katrina	Jones, Edith
Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E.
Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Hurricane Katrina	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Hurricane Katrina	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Hurricane Katrina	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Hurricane Katrina	Rehnquist, William, death of
Hurricane Katrina	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Hurricane Katrina	Reid, Harry
Hurricane Katrina	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Hurricane Katrina	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Hurricane Katrina	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Hurricane Katrina	Social Security
Hurricane Katrina	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
In re Jane Doe	minors, abortion limits for
In re Jane Doe	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
In re Jane Doe	Texas Supreme Court, abortion restriction cases in
international law, on death penalty	juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to
international law, on death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
international law, on death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
international law, on death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
international law, on death penalty	Layton, James R.
international law, on death penalty	minors, executions of
international law, on death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
international law, on death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
international law, on death penalty	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
international law, on gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
international law, on gay rights	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
international law, on gay rights	Lawrence v. Texas
international law, on gay rights	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
international law, on gay rights	Salzburg, Seminar
international law, on gay rights	sodomy, criminalization of
international law, on gay rights	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
international law, Geneva Conventions	Michigan, University of
international law, Geneva Conventions	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
international law, Geneva Conventions	racial preferences, in school admissions
international law, Geneva Conventions	schools, racial preferences in
international law, Geneva Conventions	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
international law, Geneva Conventions	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
international law, Geneva Conventions	terrorism, detainee treatment and
international law, Geneva Conventions	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
international law, U.S. conservative disdain for	Kennedy, Anthony M., conservative critics of
international law, U.S. conservative disdain for	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
international law, U.S. conservative disdain for	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
international law, U.S. conservative disdain for	Roper v. Simmons
international law, U.S. conservative disdain for	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
international law, U.S. conservative disdain for	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
interstate commerce	Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases
interstate commerce	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
interstate commerce	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
interstate commerce	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
interstate commerce	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
interstate commerce	schools, gun-free zones near
interstate commerce	United States v. Lopez
Iran-Contra affair	Meese, Edwin, III
Iran-Contra affair	privacy rights
Iran-Contra affair	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Iran-Contra affair	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	Iraq Study Group
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	military, U.S., in Iraq invasion
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, in Iraq Study Group
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	Reid, Harry
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	Schiavo, Terri
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	schools, racial preferences in
Iraq, U.S.-led conflict in	Social Security
Iraq Study Group	O'Connor, Sandra Day, in Iraq Study Group
Iraq Study Group	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Jackson, Robert H.	Rehnquist, William, death of
Jackson, Robert H.	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Jackson, Robert H.	religion, public sphere expressions of
Jackson, Robert H.	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Jackson, Robert H.	schools, religious expression in
Jackson, Robert H.	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Jackson, Robert H.	Supreme Court, U.S., precedent reversal by
Jackson, Robert H.	West Virginia Board of Education v. Barnette
Jews for Jesus	Los Angeles International Airport
Jews for Jesus	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Jews for Jesus	religion, First Amendment on
Jews for Jesus	religion, public sphere expressions of
Jews for Jesus	schools, religious expression in
Jews for Jesus	Sekulow, Jay
Jews for Jesus	Sekulow, Jay, background of
Jews for Jesus	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Jews for Jesus	Snyder, Alan Howard
Jews for Jesus	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Jones, Edith	Miers, Harriet E.
Jones, Edith	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Jones, Edith	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Jones, Edith	Owen, Priscilla
Jones, Edith	Reid, Harry
Jones, Edith	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Jones, Edith	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Jones, Paula Corbin	Rehnquist, William, on Clinton
Jones, Paula Corbin	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Jones, Paula Corbin	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Jones, Paula Corbin	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Jones, Paula Corbin	Souter, David H.
Jones, Paula Corbin	Starr, Kenneth
Jones, Paula Corbin	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Jones, Paula Corbin	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
judicial independence	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
judicial independence	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
judicial independence	Schiavo, Terri
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M.
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Layton, James R.
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Marshall, Thurgood
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	minors, executions of
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Oklahoma City bombing
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Roper v. Simmons
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Scalia, Antonin
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Souter, David H.
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
juvenile offenders, death penalty applied to	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Katyal, Neal	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Katyal, Neal	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Katyal, Neal	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Katyal, Neal	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Katyal, Neal	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Katyal, Neal	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Katyal, Neal	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Kavanaugh, Brett M.	Luttig, Michael
Kavanaugh, Brett M.	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Kavanaugh, Brett M.	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Kelley, William	Miers, Harriet E.
Kelley, William	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Kelley, William	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Kelo v. City of New London	Kennedy, Anthony M.
Kelo v. City of New London	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Kelo v. City of New London	private property, eminent domain vs.
Kelo v. City of New London	Souter, David H.
Kelo v. City of New London	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M.	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	New London, Conn., eminent domain in
Kennedy, Anthony M.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Kennedy, Anthony M.	private property, eminent domain vs.
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Scalia, Antonin
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Souter, David H.
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Thomas, Clarence
Kennedy, Anthony M.	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Kennedy, Anthony M., as swing vote
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	marriage, abortion notification laws and
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	originalism
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	privacy rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	slavery
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	stare decisis
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Stenberg v. Carhart
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Kennedy, Anthony M., on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Kennedy, Anthony M., background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Kennedy, Mary
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	McGeorge School of Law
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Kennedy, Anthony M., appointment of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	McGeorge School of Law
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	originalism
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	privacy rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Rehnquist, William, background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	schools, gun-free zones near
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	slavery
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	United States v. Lopez
Kennedy, Anthony M., background of	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Kennedy, Anthony M., on church-state cases	religion, public sphere expressions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Kennedy, Anthony M., on commerce regulation cases	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Kennedy, Anthony M., conservative critics of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., conservative critics of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Kennedy, Anthony M., conservative critics of	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., conservative critics of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., on death penalty	Kennedy v. Louisiana
Kennedy, Anthony M., on death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Salzburg, Seminar
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	sodomy, criminalization of
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., gay rights opinion of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Kennedy v. Louisiana
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Kennedy, Anthony M., on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Kennedy, Mary
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Layton, James R.
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	marriage, gay
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Massachusetts, gay marriage ruling in
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Republican Party, international law denigrated in
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Roberts, John G., Jr.
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Salzburg, Seminar
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Schloss, Leopoldskron
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	schools, racial preferences in
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	sodomy, criminalization of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Kennedy, Anthony M., internationalism of	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Lawrence v. Texas
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Layton, James R.
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Marshall, Thurgood
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Oklahoma City bombing
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Scalia, Antonin
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Souter, David H.
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., on juvenile death penalty	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Kolbert, Kathryn
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Layton, James R.
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Marshall, Thurgood
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	minors, executions of
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, oral argument of
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Roper v. Simmons
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., oral argument at
Kennedy, Anthony M., at oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of	Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election
Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of	Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez
Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of	Stevens, John Paul
Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., prose style of	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Mahoney, Maureen
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Michigan, University of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Kennedy, Anthony M., on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Kennedy, Anthony M., as swing vote	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Kennedy, Anthony M., as swing vote	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kennedy, Anthony M., as swing vote	Scalia, Antonin
Kennedy, Anthony M., as swing vote	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Tribe, Laurence
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	Turner, Ed
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Kennedy, Anthony M., on 2000 election	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
Kennedy, Edward M.	Klain, Ron
Kennedy, Edward M.	Nussbaum, Bernie
Kennedy, Edward M.	Princeton University
Kennedy, Edward M.	racial preferences, in school admissions
Kennedy, Edward M.	schools, racial preferences in
Kennedy, Edward M.	White, Byron R., retirement of
Kennedy, John F.	Klain, Ron
Kennedy, John F.	Miranda v. Arizona
Kennedy, John F.	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Kennedy, John F.	White, Byron R., on abortion
Kennedy, John F.	White, Byron R., Supreme Court appointment of
Kerry, John	Specter, Arlen
Klain, Ron	Nussbaum, Bernie
Klain, Ron	Reno, Janet
Klain, Ron	Richards, Ann
Klain, Ron	Riley, Richard
Klain, Ron	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Klain, Ron	Sidman, Ricki
Klain, Ron	sex discrimination
Klain, Ron	Stephanopoulos, George
Klain, Ron	Supreme Court, U.S., former judges appointed to
Klain, Ron	White, Byron R., background of
Klain, Ron	White, Byron R., retirement of
Klain, Ron	Yeltsin, Boris
Kolbert, Kathryn	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Kolbert, Kathryn	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on
Kolbert, Kathryn	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, oral argument of
Kolbert, Kathryn	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Kolbert, Kathryn	"Questions Presented"
Kolbert, Kathryn	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Kolbert, Kathryn	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Kolbert, Kathryn	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Kolbert, Kathryn	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Kolbert, Kathryn	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Kolbert, Kathryn	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Kolbert, Kathryn	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Kolbo, Kirk	Michigan, University of
Kolbo, Kirk	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Kolbo, Kirk	racial preferences, in military
Kolbo, Kirk	racial preferences, in school admissions
Kolbo, Kirk	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Kolbo, Kirk	schools, racial preferences in
Kolbo, Kirk	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Korematsu v. United States	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Korematsu v. United States	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Korematsu v. United States	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Korematsu v. United States	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Korematsu v. United States	Thomas, Clarence
Krauthammer, Charles	Miers, Harriet E.
Krauthammer, Charles	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Krauthammer, Charles	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Krislov, Marvin	Michigan, University of
Krislov, Marvin	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Krislov, Marvin	racial preferences, in military
Krislov, Marvin	racial preferences, in school admissions
Krislov, Marvin	schools, racial preferences in
Ku Klux Klan	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Ku Klux Klan	religion, public sphere expressions of
Ku Klux Klan	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	Lemon v. Kurtzman
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	religion, public sphere expressions of
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	schools, religious expression in
Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School District	Sekulow, Jay
Lawrence v. Texas	marriage, gay
Lawrence v. Texas	Massachusetts, gay marriage ruling in
Lawrence v. Texas	Michigan, University of
Lawrence v. Texas	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Lawrence v. Texas	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Lawrence v. Texas	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Lawrence v. Texas	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy
Lawrence v. Texas	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
Lawrence v. Texas	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Lawrence v. Texas	racial preferences, in school admissions
Lawrence v. Texas	Rasul v. Bush
Lawrence v. Texas	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Lawrence v. Texas	Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law
Lawrence v. Texas	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
Lawrence v. Texas	Salzburg, Seminar
Lawrence v. Texas	Scalia, Antonin
Lawrence v. Texas	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Lawrence v. Texas	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Lawrence v. Texas	schools, racial preferences in
Lawrence v. Texas	sodomy, criminalization of
Lawrence v. Texas	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Lawrence v. Texas	Stevens, John Paul, background of
Lawrence v. Texas	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Lawrence v. Texas	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Lawrence v. Texas	terrorism, detainee treatment and
lawyers, female	O'Connor, John
lawyers, female	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
lawyers, female	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
lawyers, female	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
lawyers, female	sex discrimination
Layton, James R.	minors, executions of
Layton, James R.	Roper v. Simmons
Layton, James R.	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Layton, James R.	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Layton, James R.	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Lazarus, Edward	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez	Stevens, John Paul
Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Legal Services Corp. v. Velazquez	welfare laws, constitutionality of
legislative districting	Olson, Theodore B., "one person, one vote" principle
Leitch, David	Luttig, Michael
Leitch, David	Olson, Theodore B.
Leitch, David	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Lemon v. Kurtzman	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
Lemon v. Kurtzman	religion, public sphere expressions of
Lemon v. Kurtzman	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Lemon v. Kurtzman	schools, religious expression in
Lemon v. Kurtzman	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Leno, Jay	Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case
Leno, Jay	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Leno, Jay	Sierra Club
Leno, Jay	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Leo, Leonard	Miers, Harriet E.
Leo, Leonard	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Leo, Leonard	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Leo, Leonard	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Leo, Leonard	Rove, Karl
Leo, Leonard	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Lewinsky, Monica	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Lewis, Terry	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
Lewis, Terry	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
Lewis, Terry	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Libby, Lewis	Luttig, Michael
Libby, Lewis	Miranda, Manuel
Libby, Lewis	Rove, Karl
libel	speech, freedom of, libel vs.
libel	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Limbaugh, Rush	Thomas, Clarence
Limbaugh, Rush	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Los Angeles International Airport	religion, First Amendment on
Los Angeles International Airport	religion, public sphere expressions of
Los Angeles International Airport	Sekulow, Jay
Los Angeles International Airport	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Los Angeles International Airport	Snyder, Alan Howard
Los Angeles International Airport	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Louisville, Ky.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Louisville, Ky.	Roberts, John G., Jr., segregation cases and
Louisville, Ky.	schools, racial preferences in
Louisville, Ky.	Seattle, Wash.
Louisville, Ky.	segregation
Luttig, Michael	Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination
Luttig, Michael	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Luttig, Michael	Miranda, Manuel
Luttig, Michael	Olson, Theodore B.
Luttig, Michael	Powell, Lewis F.
Luttig, Michael	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Luttig, Michael	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Luttig, Michael	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Luttig, Michael	Rove, Karl
Luttig, Michael	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
McCain, John, judicial philosophy of	Roe v. Wade
McCain, John, judicial philosophy of	Roper v. Simmons
McCain, John, judicial philosophy of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Mahoney, Maureen	Michigan, University of
Mahoney, Maureen	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Mahoney, Maureen	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Mahoney, Maureen	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Mahoney, Maureen	Phillips, Carter
Mahoney, Maureen	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Mahoney, Maureen	racial preferences, in military
Mahoney, Maureen	racial preferences, in school admissions
Mahoney, Maureen	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Mahoney, Maureen	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Mahoney, Maureen	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Mahoney, Maureen	schools, racial preferences in
Mahoney, Maureen	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Mahoney, Maureen	Starr, Kenneth
Malveaux, Julianne	Thomas, Clarence
Malveaux, Julianne	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Margulies, Joseph	Rasul, Shafiq
Margulies, Joseph	Rasul v. Bush
Margulies, Joseph	terrorism, detainee treatment and
marriage, abortion notification laws and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
marriage, abortion notification laws and	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
marriage, abortion notification laws and	sex discrimination
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
marriage, abortion notification laws and	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
marriage, gay	Massachusetts, gay marriage ruling in
marriage, gay	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Marshall, Thurgood	minors, executions of
Marshall, Thurgood	O'Connor, John
Marshall, Thurgood	Oklahoma City bombing
Marshall, Thurgood	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Marshall, Thurgood	Roper v. Simmons
Marshall, Thurgood	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Marshall, Thurgood	Supreme Court, U.S., oral argument at
Marshall, Thurgood	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Souter, David H., appointment of
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Souter, David H., career of
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Sununu, John
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Marshall, Thurgood, retirement of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Massachusetts, gay marriage ruling in	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Media Research Center	Thomas, Clarence
Media Research Center	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Meese, Edwin, III	Miranda, Manuel
Meese, Edwin, III	originalism
Meese, Edwin, III	privacy rights
Meese, Edwin, III	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
Meese, Edwin, III	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
Meese, Edwin, III	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Meese, Edwin, III	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Meese, Edwin, III	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Meese, Edwin, III	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Meese, Edwin, III	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Meese, Edwin, III	Warren, Earl
Merritt, Gilbert S., Jr.	White, Byron R., retirement of
Michigan, University of	military, U.S., affirmative action in
Michigan, University of	military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, John
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
Michigan, University of	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
Michigan, University of	Phillips, Carter
Michigan, University of	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
Michigan, University of	racial preferences, in military
Michigan, University of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Michigan, University of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Michigan, University of	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Michigan, University of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Michigan, University of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Michigan, University of	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	Richmond v. Croson
Michigan, University of	ROTC
Michigan, University of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	schools, racial preferences in
Michigan, University of	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Michigan, University of	sodomy, criminalization of
Michigan, University of	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	Starr, Kenneth
Michigan, University of	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Michigan, University of	strict scrutiny
Michigan, University of	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Michigan, University of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Michigan, University of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Michigan, University of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Middlebrooks, Donald M.	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., background of
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Miers, Harriet E.	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E.	Miranda, Manuel
Miers, Harriet E.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Miers, Harriet E.	Owen, Priscilla
Miers, Harriet E.	Reid, Harry
Miers, Harriet E.	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miers, Harriet E.	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E.	Rove, Karl
Miers, Harriet E.	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E.	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination	Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination
Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Miers, Harriet E., on Alito nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Reid, Harry
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E., background of	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Reid, Harry
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Republican Party, conservative wing of
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Rove, Karl
Miers, Harriet E., conservative outcry against	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Miers, Harriet E., on Roberts nomination	Roberts, John G., Jr., military tribunals approved by
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Miranda, Manuel
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Owen, Priscilla
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Reid, Harry
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Rove, Karl
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Specter, Arlen
Miers, Harriet E., as Supreme Court nominee	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
military, U.S., affirmative action in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Phillips, Carter
military, U.S., affirmative action in	racial preferences, in military
military, U.S., affirmative action in	racial preferences, in school admissions
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
military, U.S., affirmative action in	ROTC
military, U.S., affirmative action in	schools, racial preferences in
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
military, U.S., affirmative action in	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of	Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by
military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of	Solomon Amendment
military, U.S., campus recruiting efforts of	speech, freedom of
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Padilla, Jose
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	racial preferences, in school admissions
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Rasul v. Bush
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Rumsfeld, Donald
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	schools, racial preferences in
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	terrorism, detainee treatment and
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
military, U.S., Guantanamo detainees held by	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
military, U.S., torture evidence in	Padilla case
military, U.S., torture evidence in	terrorism, detainee treatment and
military, U.S., torture evidence in	torture
minors, abortion limits for	New Hampshire, abortion access limitations in
minors, abortion limits for	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
minors, abortion limits for	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
minors, abortion limits for	Texas Supreme Court, abortion restriction cases in
minors, executions of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
minors, executions of	Oklahoma City bombing
minors, executions of	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
minors, executions of	Roper v. Simmons
minors, executions of	Scalia, Antonin
minors, executions of	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
minors, executions of	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
minors, executions of	Souter, David H.
minors, executions of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
minors, executions of	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Miranda, Manuel	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Miranda, Manuel	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Miranda, Manuel	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Miranda, Manuel	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Miranda, Manuel	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
Miranda v. Arizona	Powell, Lewis F.
Miranda v. Arizona	privacy rights
Miranda v. Arizona	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Miranda v. Arizona	Rehnquist, William, on Miranda rights
Miranda v. Arizona	reproductive rights, birth control and
Miranda v. Arizona	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Miranda v. Arizona	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Miranda v. Arizona	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Miranda v. Arizona	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Miranda v. Arizona	Warren, Earl
Miranda v. Arizona	Warren, Earl, Miranda decision of
Miranda v. Arizona	White, Byron R., on abortion
Moon, Sun Myung	Washington Times
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Stenberg, Don
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Stenberg v. Carhart
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Nebraska, late-term abortion banned in	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
New Deal	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
New Deal	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
New Deal	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
New Deal	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
New Deal	Roosevelt, Franklin D.
New Deal	Thomas, Clarence
New Deal	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
New Hampshire, abortion access limitations in	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights
New London, Conn., eminent domain in	private property, eminent domain vs.
New London, Conn., eminent domain in	Souter, David H.
New London, Conn., eminent domain in	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
New York Times Co. v. Sullivan	speech, freedom of, libel vs.
New York University (NYU), Law School	racial preferences
New York University (NYU), Law School	Thomas, Clarence
New York University (NYU), Law School	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
New York University (NYU), Law School	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Nixon, Richard M.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
Nixon, Richard M.	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees
Nixon, Richard M.	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Nixon, Richard M., justices appointed by	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Nixon, Richard M., justices appointed by	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Nuclear Option	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Nuclear Option	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Nuclear Option	Specter, Arlen
Nussbaum, Bernie	Reno, Janet
Nussbaum, Bernie	White, Byron R., retirement of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, John	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism
O'Connor, John	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, John	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
O'Connor, John	Riggins, John
O'Connor, John	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, John	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, John	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
O'Connor, John	sex discrimination
O'Connor, John	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
O'Connor, John	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day	Scalia, Antonin
O'Connor, Sandra Day	Souter, David H., eccentricities of
O'Connor, Sandra Day	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	originalism
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, undue burden standard in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roberts, John G., Jr., on abortion rulings
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, background of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	slavery
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	stare decisis
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Starr, Kenneth
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on abortion rights	White, Byron R., on abortion
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Starr, Kenneth
O'Connor, Sandra Day, appointment of	Stewart, Potter
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	Starr, Kenneth
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	Stevens, John Paul, background of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, background of	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	originalism
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	religion, public sphere expressions of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Richmond v. Croson
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Roosevelt, Franklin D.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	schools, religious expression in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Sekulow, Jay
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Souter, David H.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Starr, Kenneth
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Stenberg v. Carhart
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Stevens, John Paul, on church-state cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Thomas, Clarence
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, centrist moderation of	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues	schools, gun-free zones near
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on commerce regulation issues	United States v. Lopez
O'Connor, Sandra Day, death threats against	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, Sandra Day, death threats against	Supreme Court, U.S., death threats made against
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, feminist sensibility of	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Rasul v. Bush
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, international legal work of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, in Iraq Study Group	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties
O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, judicial independence stressed by	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	sodomy, criminalization of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	Stevens, John Paul, law clerks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, law clerks of	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	Rehnquist, William, death of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, marriage of	sex discrimination
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties	O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on national security vs. civil liberties	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Richmond v. Croson
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	strict scrutiny
O'Connor, Sandra Day, at oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Republican Party, conservative wing of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Riggins, John
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Stevens, John Paul
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Stoessel, Mary Ann
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Stoessel, Walter
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, politics of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Phillips, Carter
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in government contracts
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in military
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Richmond v. Croson
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Seattle, Wash.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	segregation
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	sodomy, criminalization of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	strict scrutiny
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on racial concerns	United States v. Carolene Products
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, death of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, Rehnquist's friendship with	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	religion, First Amendment on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	religion, public sphere expressions of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	schools, religious expression in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Sekulow, Jay
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Ten Commandments
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on religious-issue cases	Westside High School
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Powell, Lewis F.
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Rehnquist, William, death of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Reid, Harry
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Rove, Karl
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Scalia, Antonin
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Schiavo, Terri
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Specter, Arlen
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Stevens, John Paul
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, retirement of	Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on Roberts Court	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on September 11 terrorism	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	originalism
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	racial preferences, in school admissions
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	religion, public sphere expressions of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Scalia, Antonin
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	schools, racial preferences in
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Stevens, John Paul
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Stevens, John Paul, as senior associate justice
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Thomas, Clarence
O'Connor, Sandra Day, as swing vote	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
O'Connor, Sandra Day, on 2000 election	Tribe, Laurence
Oklahoma City bombing	Rehnquist, William, on death penalty
Oklahoma City bombing	Roper v. Simmons
Oklahoma City bombing	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Oklahoma City bombing	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Olson, Theodore B.	Powell, Lewis F.
Olson, Theodore B.	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Olson, Theodore B.	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Olson, Theodore B.	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Olson, Theodore B.	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	Phillips, Carter
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in military
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	racial preferences, in school admissions
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	schools, racial preferences in
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Olson, Theodore B., on affirmative action	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	Padilla, Jose
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	Padilla case
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	Rasul v. Bush
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Olson, Theodore B., on Guantanamo prisoners	torture
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	Tribe, Laurence
Olson, Theodore B., on 2000 election dispute	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
originalism	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey
originalism	privacy rights
originalism	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
originalism	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
originalism	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
originalism	religion, public sphere expressions of
originalism	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
originalism	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, background of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
originalism	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
originalism	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
originalism	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
originalism	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
originalism	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
originalism	Warren, Earl
Owen, Priscilla	Parker, Barrington, Jr.
Owen, Priscilla	Reid, Harry
Owen, Priscilla	Rove, Karl
Owen, Priscilla	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Padilla, Jose	Padilla case
Padilla, Jose	Rasul v. Bush
Padilla, Jose	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
Padilla, Jose	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Padilla, Jose	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Padilla, Jose	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Padilla case	Rasul v. Bush
Padilla case	Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases
Padilla case	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Padilla case	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Padilla case	torture
Pennsylvania, abortion limits in	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
Pennsylvania, abortion limits in	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
People	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
People	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Phillips, Carter	racial preferences, in military
Phillips, Carter	racial preferences, in school admissions
Phillips, Carter	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Phillips, Carter	ROTC
Phillips, Carter	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Phillips, Carter	schools, racial preferences in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	privacy rights
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Roper v. Simmons
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	sex discrimination
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	slavery
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Souter, David H., reclusive tendency of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	stare decisis
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Stenberg v. Carhart
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	White, Byron R.
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey	White, Byron R., retirement of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	"Questions Presented"
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, certiorari process on	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, oral argument of	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, oral argument of	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, oral argument of	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy	privacy rights, in sexual behavior
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, on personal autonomy	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	"Questions Presented"
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Roe v. Wade, votes on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Stenberg v. Carhart
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, Roe tied to	White, Byron R., on abortion
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Rehnquist Court, O'Connor's prominence on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	sex discrimination
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, spousal notification in	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Gov. Robert P. Casey, undue burden standard in	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Powell, Lewis F.	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Powell, Lewis F.	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	racial preferences, in school admissions
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Richmond v. Croson
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	schools, racial preferences in
Powell, Lewis F., affirmative action opinion of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Powell, Lewis F., on Burger Court	Stewart, Potter
Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality	Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law
Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Powell, Lewis F., on homosexuality	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Powell, Lewis F., as swing vote	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
Powell, Lewis F., as swing vote	Warren, Earl
Princeton University	racial preferences, in school admissions
Princeton University	schools, racial preferences in
privacy rights	Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by
privacy rights	reproductive rights, birth control and
privacy rights	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
privacy rights	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
privacy rights	Scalia, Antonin, background of
privacy rights	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
privacy rights	segregation
privacy rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
privacy rights	Warren, Earl
privacy rights, abortion tied to	Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of
privacy rights, abortion tied to	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
privacy rights, abortion tied to	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
privacy rights, abortion tied to	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
privacy rights, on DMV information	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
privacy rights, on DMV information	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
privacy rights, on DMV information	Reno v. Condon
privacy rights, on DMV information	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
privacy rights, on DMV information	states' rights
privacy rights, on DMV information	Violence Against Women Act
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	Salzburg, Seminar
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	sodomy, criminalization of
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
privacy rights, in sexual behavior	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
private property, eminent domain vs.	Souter, David H.
private property, eminent domain vs.	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
"Questions Presented"	Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases
"Questions Presented"	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
"Questions Presented"	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
racial preferences	Reagan, Ronald
racial preferences	religion, public sphere expressions of
racial preferences	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
racial preferences	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, background of
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
racial preferences	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
racial preferences, in government contracts	racial preferences, in school admissions
racial preferences, in government contracts	Richmond v. Croson
racial preferences, in government contracts	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in government contracts	schools, racial preferences in
racial preferences, in government contracts	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
racial preferences, in government contracts	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in government contracts	strict scrutiny
racial preferences, in government contracts	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
racial preferences, in government contracts	United States v. Carolene Products
racial preferences, in military	racial preferences, in school admissions
racial preferences, in military	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
racial preferences, in military	ROTC
racial preferences, in military	schools, racial preferences in
racial preferences, in military	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
racial preferences, in military	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
racial preferences, in school admissions	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
racial preferences, in school admissions	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
racial preferences, in school admissions	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
racial preferences, in school admissions	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Richmond v. Croson
racial preferences, in school admissions	ROTC
racial preferences, in school admissions	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	schools, racial preferences in
racial preferences, in school admissions	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
racial preferences, in school admissions	sodomy, criminalization of
racial preferences, in school admissions	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	Starr, Kenneth
racial preferences, in school admissions	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
racial preferences, in school admissions	strict scrutiny
racial preferences, in school admissions	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
racial preferences, in school admissions	terrorism, detainee treatment and
racial preferences, in school admissions	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
racial preferences, in school admissions	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Rasul, Shafiq	Rasul v. Bush
Rasul, Shafiq	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Rasul v. Bush	Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases
Rasul v. Bush	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Rasul v. Bush	Stevens, John Paul, background of
Rasul v. Bush	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Rasul v. Bush	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Rasul v. Bush	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Rasul v. Bush	torture
Reagan, Ronald	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Reagan, Ronald	Thomas, Clarence, background of
Reagan, Ronald	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Reagan, Ronald	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Reagan, Ronald	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	segregation
Reagan, Ronald, conservative agenda of	Warren, Earl
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	segregation
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Starr, Kenneth
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Reagan, Ronald, justices nominated by	Warren, Earl
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Reagan, Ronald, legal staff of	Scalia, Antonin, as chief justice candidate
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Richmond v. Croson
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	schools, racial preferences in
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Starr, Kenneth
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Regents of the University of California v. Bakke	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Rehnquist, William	Scalia, Antonin
Rehnquist, William	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Rehnquist, William	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Rehnquist, William	Thomas, Clarence, church-state case votes of
Rehnquist, William	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, administrative style of
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	stare decisis
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Stenberg v. Carhart
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Rehnquist, William, on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Scalia, Antonin
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	schools, racial preferences in
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Stevens, John Paul
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Stevens, John Paul, in conference discussions
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Stevens, John Paul, as senior associate justice
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., unanimity on
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	Thomas, Clarence
Rehnquist, William, administrative style of	United States v. Lopez
Rehnquist, William, background of	Rehnquist, William, death of
Rehnquist, William, background of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Rehnquist, William, background of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Rehnquist, William, background of	Stevens, John Paul, background of
Rehnquist, William, background of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, background of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Rehnquist, William, background of	White, Byron R., background of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Rehnquist, William, chief justice appointment of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Rehnquist Court, oral argument of
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Senate, U.S., impeachment trial in
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Souter, David H.
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Starr, Kenneth
Rehnquist, William, on Clinton	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Rehnquist, William, on votes vs. opinions
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Reno v. Condon
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	states' rights
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Violence Against Women Act
Rehnquist, William, conservative agenda of	Warren, Earl, Miranda decision of
Rehnquist, William, death of	Rehnquist, William, health problems of
Rehnquist, William, death of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Rehnquist, William, death of	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Rehnquist, William, death of	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Rehnquist, William, death of	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Rehnquist, William, death of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Rehnquist, William, death of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, death of	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
Rehnquist, William, on death penalty	Roper v. Simmons
Rehnquist, William, on death penalty	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Rehnquist, William, on death penalty	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by	Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation
Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by	schools, racial preferences in
Rehnquist, William, federalism opposed by	Stevens, John Paul, on congressional power under Commerce Clause
Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases	Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases
Rehnquist, William, on Guantanamo cases	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	schools, gun-free zones near
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	Stevens, John Paul, on congressional power under Commerce Clause
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Rehnquist, William, on gun regulation	United States v. Lopez
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Rehnquist, William, law clerks for
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	software, copyright infringement of
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Souter, David H., on copyright infringement case
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Specter, Arlen
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Stevens, John Paul
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Stevens, John Paul, as senior associate justice
Rehnquist, William, health problems of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Roper v. Simmons
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	schools, racial preferences in
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Starr, Kenneth
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Stevens, John Paul, law clerks of
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Rehnquist, William, law clerks for	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Rehnquist, William, marriage of	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Rehnquist, William, marriage of	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Rehnquist, William, marriage of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by	states' rights
Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by	Stenberg v. Carhart
Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Rehnquist, William, opinions assigned by	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Rehnquist, William, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Rove, Karl
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Scalia, Antonin, as chief justice candidate
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Rehnquist, William, replacements considered for	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Rehnquist, William, retirement resisted by	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law	Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.
Rehnquist, William, on Texas anti-homosexual law	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on 2000 election	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Rehnquist, William, on votes vs. opinions	Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of
Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of	states' rights
Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of	Stevens, John Paul
Rehnquist Court, collegial relationships of	Thomas, Clarence
Rehnquist Court, ideological balance of	Scalia, Antonin
Rehnquist Court, oral argument of	Reno v. Condon
Rehnquist Court, oral argument of	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Rehnquist Court, oral argument of	states' rights
Rehnquist Court, oral argument of	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Rehnquist Court, oral argument of	Supreme Court, U.S., oral argument at
Reid, Harry	Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of
Reid, Harry	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
religion, First Amendment on	religion, public sphere expressions of
religion, First Amendment on	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
religion, First Amendment on	schools, religious expression in
religion, First Amendment on	Sekulow, Jay
religion, First Amendment on	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
religion, First Amendment on	Snyder, Alan Howard
religion, First Amendment on	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
religion, First Amendment on	Ten Commandments
religion, public sphere expressions of	Robertson, Pat
religion, public sphere expressions of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
religion, public sphere expressions of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
religion, public sphere expressions of	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
religion, public sphere expressions of	schools, religious expression in
religion, public sphere expressions of	Sekulow, Jay
religion, public sphere expressions of	Sekulow, Jay, background of
religion, public sphere expressions of	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
religion, public sphere expressions of	Snyder, Alan Howard
religion, public sphere expressions of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
religion, public sphere expressions of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
religion, public sphere expressions of	Supreme Court, U.S., precedent reversal by
religion, public sphere expressions of	Ten Commandments
religion, public sphere expressions of	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
religion, public sphere expressions of	Van Orlen v. Perry
religion, public sphere expressions of	Westside High School
religion, public sphere expressions of	West Virginia Board of Education v. Barnette
Reno v. Condon	South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by
Reno v. Condon	states' rights
Reno v. Condon	Violence Against Women Act
reproductive rights, birth control and	Warren, Earl
Republican Party, as congressional majority	Sekulow, Jay
Republican Party, conservative wing of	Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of
Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of	Republican Party, judicial appointments and
Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of	Specter, Arlen
Republican Party, evangelical Christian bloc of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Republican Party, international law denigrated in	Roper v. Simmons
Republican Party, international law denigrated in	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Scalia, Antonin, appointment of
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Sekulow, Jay
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Specter, Arlen
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Republican Party, judicial appointments and	White, Byron R., on abortion
Richards, Ann	White, Byron R., retirement of
Richmond v. Croson	schools, racial preferences in
Richmond v. Croson	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Richmond v. Croson	strict scrutiny
Richmond v. Croson	United States v. Carolene Products
Roberts, John G., Jr.	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Roberts, John G., Jr.	schools, racial preferences in
Roberts, John G., Jr., on abortion rulings	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Roberts, John G., Jr., military tribunals approved by
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Rove, Karl
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Scalia, Antonin, as chief justice candidate
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
Roberts, John G., Jr., as associate justice nominee	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Roberts, John G., Jr., background of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of	Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of
Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of	Specter, Arlen
Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of	Supreme Court, U.S., entrance stairs of
Roberts, John G., Jr., chief justice appointment of	Supreme Court, U.S., female justices on
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Roberts, John G., Jr., military tribunals approved by
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Scalia, Antonin
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Scalia, Antonin, as chief justice candidate
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Sekulow, Jay, on Supreme Court appointments
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Roberts, John G., Jr., conservative ideology of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Roberts, John G., Jr., judicial minimalism espoused by	Supreme Court, U.S., unanimity on
Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of	Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on
Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Roberts, John G., Jr., law career of	Starr, Kenneth
Roberts, John G., Jr., segregation cases and	schools, racial preferences in
Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by	Solomon Amendment
Roberts, John G., Jr., Solomon Amendment upheld by	speech, freedom of
Roberts, John G., Jr., on 2000 election	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Robertson, Pat	schools, religious expression in
Robertson, Pat	Sekulow, Jay
Roe v. Wade	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Sekulow, Jay
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Senate, U.S., partisan control of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	slavery
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Souter, David H., appointment of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Souter, David H., career of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Specter, Arlen
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	stare decisis
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Sununu, John
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thomas, Clarence
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Roe v. Wade, conservative goal of reversal on	White, Byron R., on abortion
Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in	Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights
Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, fetal viability issues in	White, Byron R., on abortion
Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in	sex discrimination
Roe v. Wade, privacy rights asserted in	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	sex discrimination
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	Starr, Kenneth
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	Third Circuit Court of Appeals
Roe v. Wade, state abortion restrictions vs.	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Roe v. Wade, votes on	Warren, Earl
Roe v. Wade, votes on	White, Byron R., on abortion
Roosevelt, Franklin D.	Thomas, Clarence
Roosevelt, Franklin D.	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Roper v. Simmons	Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors
Roper v. Simmons	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Roper v. Simmons	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Roper v. Simmons	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Rosenthal, Charles A., Jr.	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
ROTC	schools, racial preferences in
Rove, Karl	Wilkinson, J. Harvie, III
Rudman, Warren	Souter, David H., appointment of
Rudman, Warren	Souter, David H., eccentricities of
Rumsfeld, Donald	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Salzburg, Seminar	sodomy, criminalization of
Salzburg, Seminar	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	schools, religious expression in
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	Sekulow, Jay
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Sauls, N. Sanders	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Sauls, N. Sanders	Waters, Craig
Scalia, Antonin	Souter, David H.
Scalia, Antonin	Souter, David H., eccentricities of
Scalia, Antonin	Stevens, John Paul
Scalia, Antonin	Stevens, John Paul, as senior associate justice
Scalia, Antonin	Thomas, Clarence
Scalia, Antonin	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Stenberg v. Carhart
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Scalia, Antonin, on abortion rights	White, Byron R., on abortion
Scalia, Antonin, appointment of	Scalia, Antonin, background of
Scalia, Antonin, appointment of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Scalia, Antonin, appointment of	Warren, Earl
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Scalia, Antonin, background of	Warren, Earl
Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of	Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of
Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, Catholicism of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case	Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter
Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case	Sierra Club
Scalia, Antonin, on Cheney energy task force case	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones	Souter, David H.
Scalia, Antonin, on Clinton v. Jones	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, legacy of
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Souter, David H.
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Thomas, Clarence
Scalia, Antonin, collegial relationships of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits	schools, gun-free zones near
Scalia, Antonin, on congressional power limits	United States v. Lopez
Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors	Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument
Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Scalia, Antonin, on death penalty for minors	Thomas, Clarence, on death penalty
Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter	Sierra Club
Scalia, Antonin, as duck hunter	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	Thomas, Clarence
Scalia, Antonin, on Guantanamo cases	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Scalia, Antonin, on gun control	Scalia, Antonin, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, on gun control	states' rights
Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, in oral argument	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, as originalist	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	schools, racial preferences in
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Scalia, Antonin, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	schools, religious expression in
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	Sekulow, Jay
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	Stevens, John Paul, on church-state cases
Scalia, Antonin, on religion in public sphere	Thomas, Clarence, church-state case votes of
Scalia, Antonin, on Texas sex prohibitions	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Scalia, Antonin, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Schiavo, Michael	Schiavo, Terri
Schiavo, Terri	Schindler, Mary
Schiavo, Terri	Schindler, Robert
Schiavo, Terri	Supreme Court, U.S., death threats made against
Schiavo, Terri	Supreme Court, U.S., impeachment threats against
Schindler, Mary	Schindler, Robert
schools, gun-free zones near	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
schools, gun-free zones near	United States v. Lopez
schools, racial preferences in	Seattle, Wash.
schools, racial preferences in	segregation
schools, racial preferences in	September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of
schools, racial preferences in	sodomy, criminalization of
schools, racial preferences in	Souter, David H., on racial concerns
schools, racial preferences in	Starr, Kenneth
schools, racial preferences in	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
schools, racial preferences in	strict scrutiny
schools, racial preferences in	Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of
schools, racial preferences in	terrorism, detainee treatment and
schools, racial preferences in	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
schools, racial preferences in	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
schools, religious expression in	Sekulow, Jay
schools, religious expression in	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
schools, religious expression in	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
schools, religious expression in	Supreme Court, U.S., precedent reversal by
schools, religious expression in	Westside High School
schools, religious expression in	West Virginia Board of Education v. Barnette
segregation	Warren, Earl
Sekulow, Jay	Sekulow, Jay, background of
Sekulow, Jay	Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of
Sekulow, Jay	Snyder, Alan Howard
Sekulow, Jay	Souter, David H.
Sekulow, Jay	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Sekulow, Jay	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Sekulow, Jay	Westside High School
Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of	Snyder, Alan Howard
Sekulow, Jay, free speech arguments of	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
Senate, U.S., filibuster rule of	Specter, Arlen
Senate, U.S., partisan control of	Senate Judiciary Committee, chairman of
Senate, U.S., partisan control of	Specter, Arlen
Senate Judiciary Committee, chairman of	Specter, Arlen
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks of	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
sex discrimination	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Sierra Club	Supreme Court, U.S., recusals from cases of
slavery	Souter, David H., on abortion cases
Snyder, Alan Howard	speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of
sodomy, criminalization of	Supreme Court, U.S., international influences on
software, copyright infringement of	Souter, David H., on copyright infringement case
Solomon Amendment	speech, freedom of
Souter, David H.	Stevens, John Paul
Souter, David H.	Stevens, John Paul, on Clinton v. Jones
Souter, David H.	Stevens, John Paul, on eminent domain
Souter, David H.	Thomas, Clarence
Souter, David H.	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	stare decisis
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Stenberg v. Carhart
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	Webster v. Reproductive Health Services
Souter, David H., on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Souter, David H., appointment of	Souter, David H., career of
Souter, David H., appointment of	Sununu, John
Souter, David H., appointment of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Souter, David H., career of	Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute
Souter, David H., career of	Sununu, John
Souter, David H., career of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Souter, David H., career of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Souter, David H., career of	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Souter, David H., eccentricities of	Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of
Souter, David H., eccentricities of	Souter, David H., New Hampshire home of
Souter, David H., eccentricities of	Souter, David H., reclusive tendency of
Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Souter, David H., on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of	Souter, David H., New Hampshire home of
Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of	Souter, David H., reclusive tendency of
Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of	stare decisis
Souter, David H., judicial philosophy of	unenumerated rights
Souter, David H., New Hampshire home of	Souter, David H., reclusive tendency of
Souter, David H., on racial concerns	Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns
Souter, David H., on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute	Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute
Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Souter, David H., on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by	states' rights
South Carolina, federal privacy protection opposed by	Violence Against Women Act
Specter, Arlen	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
speech, freedom of, libel vs.	Supreme Court, U.S., retired justices of
speech, freedom of, libel vs.	Warren, Earl
speech, freedom of, public religious expression as exercise of	Westside High School
stare decisis	Thomas, Clarence
stare decisis	unenumerated rights
states' rights	Thomas, Clarence
states' rights	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
states' rights	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Stenberg, Don	Stenberg v. Carhart
Stenberg v. Carhart	Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases
Stenberg v. Carhart	Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for
Stenberg v. Carhart	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Stephanopoulos, George	Yeltsin, Boris
Stevens, John Paul	Stevens, John Paul, as senior associate justice
Stevens, John Paul	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Stevens, John Paul	Thomas, Clarence
Stevens, John Paul	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Stevens, John Paul, on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Stevens, John Paul, background of	Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees
Stevens, John Paul, background of	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Stevens, John Paul, in conference discussions	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Stevens, John Paul, in conference discussions	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Stevens, John Paul, in conference discussions	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
Stevens, John Paul, on Guantanamo detainees	torture
Stevens, John Paul, law clerks of	Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at
Stevens, John Paul, law clerks of	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns	strict scrutiny
Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns	terrorism, detainee treatment and
Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
Stevens, John Paul, on racial concerns	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Stevens, John Paul, on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Stewart, Potter	Warren, Earl
Stoessel, Mary Ann	Stoessel, Walter
Sununu, John	Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Supreme Court, U.S., caseloads of	Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of
Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of	Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on
Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Supreme Court, U.S., chief justices of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Supreme Court, U.S., clerks' office of	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for	Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases
Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for	White, Byron R., on abortion
Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for	White, Byron R., retirement of
Supreme Court, U.S., conservative agenda for	Whitewater investigation
Supreme Court, U.S., expedited consideration by	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Supreme Court, U.S., former judges appointed to	White, Byron R., background of
Supreme Court, U.S., Hispanic candidates for	Texas Supreme Court, abortion restriction cases in
Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at	Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute
Supreme Court, U.S., law clerks at	Turner, Ed
Supreme Court, U.S., opinion assignments on	Supreme Court, U.S., weekly conferences of
Supreme Court, U.S., precedent reversal by	West Virginia Board of Education v. Barnette
Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute	Thomas, Clarence, on 2000 election dispute
Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute	Tribe, Laurence
Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute	Turner, Ed
Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute	welfare laws, constitutionality of
Supreme Court, U.S., on 2000 election dispute	White, Byron R., 2000 election argument attended by
Ten Commandments	Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in
Ten Commandments	Van Orlen v. Perry
terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to	terrorism, detainee treatment and
terrorism, civil liberties vs. national security responses to	Thomas, Clarence
terrorism, detainee treatment and	terrorism, September 11 attacks of
terrorism, detainee treatment and	Thomas, Clarence
terrorism, detainee treatment and	Thomas, Clarence, on Guantanamo detainees
terrorism, detainee treatment and	torture
Texas, Ten Commandments park monument in	Van Orlen v. Perry
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, background of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas, Jamal
Thomas, Clarence	Thomas Virginia
Thomas, Clarence	torture
Thomas, Clarence	Totenberg, Nina
Thomas, Clarence	Washington, Booker T.
Thomas, Clarence	Yale Law School
Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, on abortion cases	White, Byron R., on abortion
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Thomas, Jamal
Thomas, Clarence, background of	Yale Law School
Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case	Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of
Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Thomas, Clarence, on Commerce Clause case	United States v. Lopez
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, law clerks hired by
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, media relations of
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, as originalist
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues
Thomas, Clarence, conservative stance of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Thomas, Clarence, personality of
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Thomas Virginia
Thomas, Clarence, media relations of	Yale Law School
Thomas, Clarence, personality of	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, personality of	Thomas, Jamal
Thomas, Clarence, on racial issues	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, sexual harassment charges against	Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of
Thomas, Clarence, Supreme Court appointment of	White, Byron R., on abortion
Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists	Warren, Earl
torture	Yoo, John
White, Byron R., on abortion	White, Byron R., Supreme Court appointment of
